## Extracted Statements:

### Email 3
We've done a lot here -- and we can do more together. Inslee Friend, Too many days mark tragic anniversaries. Today is one. Two years ago today, a gunman walked into Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida and used a semi-automatic rifle to murder 17 people and wound 17 others. It remains one of the deadliest school shootings in the history of this country. And since then, Republicans in the Senate and President Donald Trump have done NOTHING to prevent more tragedies like it. But here in Washington state we are doing all we can to put an end to gun violence. This year I'm joining with Washington state's Attorney General Bob Ferguson to push for legislation that limits magazine capacity and bans the sale of assault weapons. Weapons of war do not belong on our streets and in our schools. We've made huge progress in the last few years to prevent gun violence -- but there's more we can do here. That's why I'm asking you to join me and the Washington Alliance for Gun Responsibility in calling on Washington state lawmakers to pass HB 2240/SB 6077, which limits high capacity magazines: Contact your legislator today and tell them to vote yes on these important bills to keep Washingtonians safe from gun violence today. CONTACT YOUR LEGISLATORS I'm proud of the work we've done in Washington state to reduce gun violence. Last year, we put a ban on ghost guns -- which are especially dangerous because they are made with 3-D printers and can go undetected by scanners. And in October, Seattle investigators removed a cache of firearms from a man believed to be a leader of the most violent extremist group in the country. They were able to do so thanks to the state's red flag law, passed by ballot initiative in 2016. But that's not enough: We need to pass HB 2240/SB 6077 and prohibit magazines that can carry more than 10 rounds of ammunition. This is a common sense measure that will save lives. We should be making it harder for those who want to inflict mass violence and destruction upon innocent people. And by limiting magazine capacity and banning assault weapons, we can work toward a day where no one in Washington state loses friends or family members to senseless gun violence. If you agree: Join me and the Washington Alliance for Gun Responsibility to tell Washington state lawmakers to pass HB 2240/SB 6077 and limit high capacity magazines on guns here to save lives. Very truly yours, Jay CONTACT YOUR LEGISLATORS This email was sent to [[EMAIL_REDACTED]]. Click here to unsubscribe. Contributions or gifts to JAY INSLEE FOR WASHINGTON (D) are not tax deductible. PAID FOR BY JAY INSLEE FOR WASHINGTON (D) PO BOX 21067 SEATTLE, WA 98111 All content © 2020 JAY INSLEE FOR WASHINGTON (D), All Rights Reserved Privacy Policy

Extracted Content:
- Weapons of war do not belong on our streets and in our schools.
- Ghost guns are especially dangerous because they can go undetected by scanners.
- Limiting magazine capacity can save lives.

### Email 4
Susan Wagle for Senate Alex -- We are in tough times. I hope you and your family are staying safe. All of us have a role to play right now by staying home as much as possible, practicing social distancing and taking care of each other. Because of this, I have paused my in person campaign activity. My campaign is focusing on online events and tele town halls to reach out to voters. Tough times call for tough leadership. Despite pressure, I kept the Kansas legislature open so that we could finish our work safely. Kansans need certainty, and we could not leave town without first passing a budget. My opponent, state Senator Barbara Bollier, criticized me for my actions and actually advocated on the Senate floor for us to end session and allow unelected administrative staff to make decisions. The recent actions of congressional Democrats shows why it is so important to keep this seat Republican and with it the Senate majority in GOP hands. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell put forth a stimulus plan that our workers, small businesses and farmers desperately need. But Speaker Pelosi and Minority Leader Chuck Schumer delayed and distracted to advance their radical agenda like implementing their Green New Deal, rigging elections to benefit them and giving more money to Planned Parenthood. Thankfully, President Trump and Senator McConnell hung tough and won the day. Imagine how bad the outcome would have been if the Republicans didn’t have the Senate majority. We need to protect the Senate majority in November. In order to do this, Republicans in Kansas need to make the tough choice of who best to beat Barbara Bollier. I serve with Barbara in the Kansas Senate. I have a record taking her on, debating her and winning. I will do it again in November. While campaigning is now different, it does not end. Now is not the time to hold fundraising events. As a result, we are short of our fundraising goal for the quarter. I’m asking you to help out by making a donation in the safest manner possible today. Please click on the donate button below and make a small donation to help us stay one track through these tough times. DONATE We will get through this together. Please join me in praying for those afflicted, the healthcare workers on the frontlines taking care of people and for our leaders to act with wisdom and common sense to protect us. Susan Wagle Kansas Senate President This email was sent to [[EMAIL_REDACTED]]. To stop receiving emails, click here. You can also keep up with Susan Wagle on Twitter or Facebook. PAID FOR BY WAGLE FOR KANSAS

Extracted Content:
- All of us have a role to play right now by staying home as much as possible.
- Practicing social distancing and taking care of each other is important during tough times.
- It is not the time to hold fundraising events.

### Email 5
Susan Wagle for Senate Alex -- Kansas now has four confirmed cases of the Coronavirus in the Kansas City area. Sadly, one other person has died as a result of the virus. Please keep the family of the person who died, those suffering and the medical professionals treating them in your prayers. Governor Laura Kelly has declared a state of emergency which will allow the state to access more resources and better respond to the spread of the coronavirus. Below is a link to the CDC’s coronavirus page that provides you more information on how to deal with this growing crisis. The Kansas Department of Health and Environment hotline (866-534-3463) is open Monday to Friday from 8 AM to 5 PM to answer questions. ## CDC Coronavirus Site Symptoms may appear between 2 and 14 days from exposure. They include a fever, cough and shortness of breath. All of us play a key role in preventing the spread of this disease. We need to continue to use good judgment and common sense going forward. Now is a good time to travel less and stay home with loved ones. Also, please wash your hands, cough into your elbow, avoid touching your face and replace conventional greetings like handshakes by looking people in the eye when greeting them. If you think you have been exposed, please self-quarantine and contact you doctor. Kansans are resilient. We take care of each other. Now is not the time for panic. It is a time to come together with love and prayer. This email was sent to [[EMAIL_REDACTED]]. To stop receiving emails, click here. You can also keep up with Susan Wagle on Twitter or Facebook. PAID FOR BY WAGLE FOR KANSAS

Extracted Content:
- Symptoms of the coronavirus may appear between 2 and 14 days after exposure.
- Symptoms include a fever, cough, and shortness of breath.
- Washing your hands can help prevent the spread of disease.
- Coughing into your elbow is a way to prevent spreading germs.
- Avoiding touching your face can help reduce the risk of infection.
- Replacing handshakes with other non-contact forms of greeting can reduce the spread of germs.

### Email 6
Susan Wagle for Senate Alex -- It was announced over the weekend that Kansas has its first confirmed case of Coronavirus. Now is not a time for panic. It is a time for caution and common sense. We need to be vigilant in avoiding direct human contact as those with symptoms may not know they are infected. We need to make sure we wash our hands and avoid contact with our face. Here is a link to the CDC’s prevention recommendations. Symptoms include fever, cough and shortness of breath. If you think you have the virus, please self-quarantine and follow the CDC recommendations found here. Governor Kelly’s administration is doing a good job keeping the legislature briefed and managing this potential crisis. We stand ready to work with her to make sure the state’s response meets the demands needed. At the federal level, Vice President Mike Pence is doing an outstanding job managing the federal response and Congress acted quickly to provide the administration the resources they need. As former Chair of the Senate Public Health and Welfare Committee, I have confidence in our ability to deal with this virus and manage the challenges ahead. This is an issue, that despite political differences on other important issues, everyone in Kansas government stands united to work together on. Please join me in praying for the person in Johnson County afflicted along with those around the world. Also, keep the leaders managing this virus in your prayers. This email was sent to [[EMAIL_REDACTED]]. To stop receiving emails, click here. You can also keep up with Susan Wagle on Twitter or Facebook. PAID FOR BY WAGLE FOR KANSAS

Extracted Content:
- Now is not a time for panic. It is a time for caution and common sense.
- We need to be vigilant in avoiding direct human contact as those with symptoms may not know they are infected.
- We need to make sure we wash our hands and avoid contact with our face.
- Symptoms include fever, cough and shortness of breath.
- If you think you have the virus, please self-quarantine and follow the CDC recommendations.

### Email 9
Susan Wagle for Senate Alex -- America is in crisis as we combat a global public health pandemic. We are now being required to stay home to slow the spread of the coronavirus. As a result, our workers are being laid off and our small businesses are literally being forced to close their doors. Through very difficult times, I led the Kansas legislature to stay open and quickly do the people’s business by passing a budget before adjourning early so our leaders were able to go home and stay safe. This is exactly the type of leadership needed in Washington to put an end to the insanity going on in Congress today. Our workers and small businesses need help now. If ever there was a time for Congress to drop the partisanship and act in the interest of the American people, this is it. The Senate Republicans put forth a plan that would provide immediate financial support to laid off workers, help small businesses stay open and keep people employed. It will also provide support for devastated industries we will need to get our economy back on track when this is over. The plan provides resources and support for hospitals and medical professionals who are the front lines combating this pandemic. What are the Democrats doing? Slowing down progress to force upon us parts of their radical Green New Deal. A Democratic operative once remarked, “Never let a good crisis go to waste.” Speaker Pelosi and Senator Chuck Schumer are taking this to a disgraceful ending by blocking the much-needed stimulus package.  We can’t let that happen. I’m deeply concerned about the massive debt we are saddling with our children. But in the short term, I’m more interested in slowing the spread of the coronavirus and getting our economy jump started. I also want to quickly reach a point where people can return to work while we protect those most vulnerable. In order to do this, we all need to do our part in this 15-day period. The least the Democrats in Congress can do is put aside their own self-interests and vote for American workers and small businesses. Join me in praying for our medical professionals and that wisdom and common sense will be restored to Congress. P.S. For up to date information on the Coronavirus go to [[URL REDACTED]] to link to trusted sites. This email was sent to [[EMAIL_REDACTED]]. To stop receiving emails, click here. You can also keep up with Susan Wagle on Twitter or Facebook. PAID FOR BY WAGLE FOR KANSAS

Extracted Content:
- People are required to stay home to slow the spread of the coronavirus.
- Our workers are being laid off and our small businesses are closing due to the pandemic.
- Medical professionals are on the front lines combating the pandemic.
- Slowing the spread of the coronavirus is a priority.
- People need to do their part to help during the pandemic.

### Email 10
We are out speaking with voters at the doors and on the phones every day. Hey! We are out every single day speaking with voters at the doors and on the phones. We are working hard to gain the support of Kansans because we know that Jake LaTurner is the perfect person for the job. Check out an excerpt from a recent article below. Democrats think they can buy this seat, but they can't outwork us. Rush in $100 = 1000 Calls to Voters The finance team tells us that we are being outspent on TV, thanks to our opponent's coastal donations, but we will never be outworked. We need to be able to reach every voter possible to counter her outside money. We only have 13 days to reach every voter possible before the election. We are reaching out to build support for our grassroots organization. Will you consider donating now to help us fight back against the outside spending and make sure the Second District stays red? $250 = 250 Doors Knocked $50 = 50 Doors Knocked $25 = 250 Calls to Voters We work so hard because we believe in Jake and common sense conservative values he carries with him. We know that Mayor De La Isla does not represent Kansas, and is just too far left for Kansans. Our team is working hard every day, but we need your support to get us to the finish line and send the Nancy Pelosi-backed Liberal Michelle De La Isla packing. Let's go! Students for LaTurner Help send a Trusted Conservative to Congress Paid for by Kansans for LaTurner Copyright © *|2019|* *|LaTurner for Congress|*, All rights reserved. You are receiving this email because you opted in via our website. Our mailing address is: Kansans for LaTurner PO Box 67237 Topeka, KS 66667-0237 Add us to your address book Want to change how you receive these emails? You can update your preferences or unsubscribe from this list. Email Marketing Powered by Mailchimp Facebook Twitter Link Website

Extracted Content:
- People generally communicate with voters through door-to-door visits and phone calls during election campaigns.
- Political campaigns often request donations to fund their activities.
- Political campaigns use donations to make phone calls and knock on doors to gain voter support.
- Political campaigns often claim that their candidate represents certain values.
- Political campaigns may accuse opponents of being out of touch with the local electorate.

### Email 11
Now is a time to use good judgement and practice common sense. Visit our website Friend, President Trump has declared a national emergency to address the coronavirus. Governor Justice has done the same in West Virginia. The U.S. Senate will be in session next week to do our part to address this growing public health crisis. My top priority is the health, safety and well-being of all West Virginians. Due to the evolving concerns over the coronavirus, I have asked my campaign to postpone all campaign related events in West Virginia that are scheduled for the next few weeks. I will also not be attending any political events during this time. I encourage all West Virginians to stay home as much as possible and remain safe. I look forward to returning to the campaign trail. In the meantime, my campaign will use other methods to reach out and talk to voters. For more about the virus go to the Center for Disease Control’s website. All of us play a key role in preventing the spread of this disease. Good practices include washing your hands, coughing into your elbow, avoid touching your face and replacing conventional greetings like handshakes by looking people in the eye when greeting them. Symptoms may appear between 2 and 14 days from exposure. They include a fever, cough and shortness of breath. If you feel like you have the virus, please contact your doctor and self-quarantine to protect others. West Virginia has a large elderly population which are the most at risk for developing complications from this virus. West Virginians are resilient. We take care of each other. Now is not the time for panic. It is a time to use good judgement, practice common sense and check in on family, friends and neighbors. Stay safe. Shelley Moore Capito U.S. Senator Privacy Policy | Contact | All Rights Reserved Paid for by Capito for West Virginia | PO Box 11519, Charleston, WV 25339 Unsubscribe [[EMAIL_REDACTED]] Update Profile | About Constant Contact Sent by [[URL REDACTED]] in collaboration with Trusted Email from Constant Contact - Try it FREE today. Try email marketing for free today!

Extracted Content:
- Washing your hands can help prevent the spread of disease.
- Coughing into your elbow is a good practice to avoid spreading germs.
- Avoid touching your face to reduce the risk of infection.
- Symptoms of the virus may appear between 2 and 14 days from exposure.
- Elderly people are at higher risk for developing complications from viruses.
- Self-quarantine can help protect others if you feel like you have the virus.

### Email 12
Help Fair and Square flip Texas Blue! We need this to change. NOW. We're going to get through the coronavirus outbreak together. If you are experiencing symptoms or are looking for more information, you can visit the website of the CDC or the Texas Department of Health. We are closely monitoring the situation and its effects on the people of Texas and our nation as we work together to keep our families and communities safe. Friends, We can’t emphasize this enough -- if Texas doesn’t implement a safe vote-by-mail system soon, millions of voters will be disenfranchised on November 3rd. This will be the most critical election day in Texas history. And the Texas GOP is well aware that they could lose. That’s why they are misinforming the public with debunked voter fraud conspiracies. That’s why they are ignoring our demand to protect voters during an unprecedented pandemic -- and threatening to prosecute voters who are afraid to risk their lives at the polls. We can’t let Republicans get away with this. We need to act fast and demand safe voting before it’s too late. Sign our petition to demand Texas expand vote-by-mail for ALL voters >>> November’s election is less than 5 months away. And Texas is on the verge of becoming the next outbreak hotspot -- with record-breaking cases and hospitalizations every day. This should be common sense, but Republicans don’t seem to care. People shouldn't have to choose between their right to vote and their health. Period. Sign On Now >>> Together, we will fight for our democracy and the right for every American to vote safely. Thank you for standing with us, Team Fair & Square Sign The Petition >>> Thanks for supporting Fair and Square PAC. Our team is hyper-focused on creating a Democratic majority in the Texas House in 2020 and beyond, and to make sure we have a seat at the table for next year's redistricting. We are providing strategic and monetary support to progressive candidates across the state in winnable House districts and move the state legislature to draw fair district lines after the census. We only need to win NINE seats to do it. You can follow our efforts on Twitter or Facebook, click here to learn more or donate below >> $10 >> $25 >> $50 >> $100 >> $250 >> Other >> Emails are the best way to keep in touch with our supporters as we focus on flipping the Texas House. However, if you would no longer like to receive emails from us, click here to unsubscribe Fair and Square PAC 7324 Gaston Ave Ste. 124 #448 Dallas, TX 75214 United States Paid for by Fair & Square PAC

Extracted Content:
- People shouldn't have to choose between their right to vote and their health.

### Email 16
no one should have to pay rent during a pandemic Alex, A pandemic is bad enough, but now it’s put many Americans out of work—and rent is due. Fortunately, Rep. Ilhan Omar (D—MN) has proposed an elegant solution. Her bill, H.R. 6515, is titled the Rent and Mortgage Cancellation Act. Introduced in April and cosponsored by the rest of the Squad as well as many renters’ organizations, H.R. 6515 would establish a national relief fund to pay landlords their rent, and mortgage banks their home payments. No one would have to return to work when it’s dangerous, or risk eviction. Can you chip in today and help us win so renters can get a fair shake from Congress during tough and unpredictable times? So what happened to it? The bill is being stonewalled by corporate Democrats in the House, led by House Speaker—and wealthy landlord—Nancy Pelosi. Her priorities are ridiculous, as well as offensive. Congress has found money for Trump’s surveillance, for militarized DHS thugs, for a bloated & fraudulent war budget, and for endless corporate bailouts—but not for renters during a pandemic and recession. Once I’m in Congress, we’ll join this bill as a cosponsor and make San Francisco’s voice on it a loud and clear “yes.” New voices are needed in Congress that represent working people, instead of corporations & banks. Can you make a donation today so we can turn the “Squad” into a Platoon? Ensuring that voters don’t go homeless during a catastrophe shouldn’t be a partisan or ideological issue. Like funding firefighters, it’s simple common sense. Thanks for standing with us on the right side of history. We’re proud to stand with you. Shahid Want to give now? If you've saved your payment information with ActBlue Express, your donation will go through immediately: Chip in $4.20 Chip in $13.12 Chip in $27 Chip in $50 Chip in $100 Chip in another amount Twitter [[URL REDACTED]] [[URL REDACTED]] Paid for by Shahid Buttar for Congress Committee Donate by mail. No longer want to receive these emails? Unsubscribe. Shahid Buttar For Congress 1769 15TH STREET San Francisco, CA 94103

Extracted Content:
- A pandemic can put many people out of work.
- Rent is a regular expense for many people.
- It's dangerous to return to work during a pandemic.
- Eviction is a risk when people cannot pay their rent.
- Ensuring that voters don’t go homeless during a catastrophe is common sense.

### Email 20
Team, I think we can all agree: dark money in politics corrupts and erodes our democratic system. As you read this, super PACs are stockpiling money to pour into races like mine with the explicit purpose of drowning out the voices of constituents and citizens in favor of large private interests. I’m so proud that my campaign is fueled by individuals chipping in what they can because they believe in our movement. Unlike our Republican counterparts who are saddling up with corporate super PACs to help them win Trump’s favor, I have not and will not accept a single dime of corporate PAC money. That’s why I’m excited to have earned the endorsement of End Citizens United, the foremost organization dedicated to getting dark money out of politics. When in Congress, I vow to be a fighter and champion for common sense campaign finance reform. If you believe that we need real campaign finance reform and a representative who answers directly to the voters, chip in $15 immediately to help us across the finish line in our critical primary election: If you've saved your payment information with ActBlue Express, your donation will go through immediately. Rush $25 Rush $50 Rush $75 Rush $100 OTHER AMOUNT We put this race on the map because of grassroots donors like you. I’m rejecting corporate PAC money because our democratic process has been turned inside out by corporate special interests. From their corrupt influence over our broken health care system to environmental protection, we’ve seen how damaging dark money has been on our democracy. When I’m in Congress, I look forward to joining End Citizens United in their mission to get corrupt dark money out of our politics. Onward, Carolyn Dr. Carolyn Bourdeaux is a professor of public policy who is running for Congress to fight for quality, affordable health care, a world-class education system and a government that works for the people. She was the 2018 Democratic nominee for Georgia’s 7th Congressional district, coming within 433 votes of flipping the seat, marking the closest U.S. House race nationwide. We're on our way to rebuilding a formidable campaign to finish the job. Join us now by donating to Carolyn's campaign today! DONATE Paid for by Carolyn for Congress Click here to unsubscribe from Carolyn Bourdeaux's email list. Click here to receive fewer emails from us Carolyn for Congress PO Box 301 Suwanee , GA 30024-9998 United States

Extracted Content:
- Dark money in politics corrupts and erodes our democratic system.
- Super PACs stockpile money to influence political races.
- Corporate PAC money is often used to gain favor in political matters.
- Grassroots donors contribute to political campaigns because they believe in the movement.
- Campaign finance reform is intended to reduce the influence of money in politics.

### Email 21
Sri and our entire team hope you and your loved ones are staying safe and healthy during these trying times. As we work together as one nation to fight COVID-19, we know enormous financial and personal stress has been put on countless families. While we remain committed to doing all we can to flip this district and bring true leadership to TX-22, we understand that this may not be a good time for you to donate. We hope, however, that you'll continue to stay with us as we work for a better Texas. Please visit our COVID-19 community resource guide to find ways you can individually take action to support frontline responders and keep our family safe. * * * We’ll be brief, team: We’re $7,148 short of our fundraising goal, and we’ll only be able to stay on track to meet our end-of-month fundraising goal if you rush us a donation. Sri 2020 May Fundraising Time left to meet our goal: Two days How much is left to meet our goal: $7,148 We need your help to cross the finish line. GIVE $15 GIVE $25 GIVE $50 GIVE $100 Custom donation » Hi Team, The money we raise by the end of May will be critical to maintaining and improving the infrastructure we’ve developed to win this race. We’re investing in new ways to reach out to voters and build a grassroots volunteer network every day. From building a fully-digital campaign to making sure we reach out to more voters over the phone and by mail, your support helps power the campaign we need to overcome the special interests and our extremist opponents, and bring common sense solutions to Washington. After all, we have a strong chance at flipping this seat, but only if we have you by our side. That’s why we’re asking: if you’re able, can you help us close our $7,148 gap and help this campaign keep moving forward? GIVE $15 GIVE $25 GIVE $50 GIVE $100 Custom donation » Let’s keep working -- and let’s win this together. \--Team Sri Sri Preston Kulkarni is a lifelong public servant and national security expert who has spent his career overseas working to protect Americans here at home. Growing up in Houston, Sri personally experienced the same challenges that our communities are facing today. In Congress, he’ll fight to lower the cost of prescription drugs, stand up to the gun lobby, address climate change, and bring common-sense solutions to Washington. Help send Sri to Congress! ➜ * * * Bringing true representation to TX-22. Learn more at [[URL REDACTED]] Paid for by Sri for Congress SRI FOR CONGRESS P.O. BOX 898 SUGAR LAND, TX 77487-0898 If you wish to no longer receive email from us, please unsubscribe.

Extracted Content:
- People are experiencing financial and personal stress during the COVID-19 pandemic.
- COVID-19 is a challenge that nations are working together to fight.
- Donations can help fund political campaigns.
- Campaigns use donations to reach out to voters and build volunteer networks.
- Lowering the cost of prescription drugs is a goal for some political candidates.
- Addressing climate change is a concern for some political candidates.

### Email 22
I just got off the phone with our finance director, and he informed me that we’re still lagging behind our April fundraising goal by just over $8,000. Sri Preston Kulkarni Logo Sri and our entire team hope you and your loved ones are staying safe and healthy during these trying times. As we work together as one nation to fight COVID-19, we know enormous financial and personal stress has been put on countless families. While we remain committed to doing all we can to flip this district and bring true leadership to TX-22, we understand that this may not be a good time for you to donate. We hope, however, that you'll continue to stay with us as we work for a better Texas. Please visit our COVID-19 community resource guide to find ways you can individually take action to support frontline responders and keep our family safe. * * * Team - I just got off the phone with our finance director, and he informed me that we’re still lagging behind our April fundraising goal by just over $8,000. Like Sri mentioned in his email to you yesterday, ensuring we meet our benchmark goals for April will inform the plans we’re able to execute in the coming month and beyond. Coming up short now creates a domino effect which goes all the way to Election Day, team. DONATE NOW TO HELP US MEET OUR APRIL GOAL! CONTRIBUTE $5 » CONTRIBUTE $25 » CONTRIBUTE $50 » CONTRIBUTE $100 » Or a custom donation » TX-22 is nationally recognized as one of the most competitive Congressional races in the entire country this election cycle. Pollsters, pundits and political leaders are predicting that the path to a House majority for either party will run squarely through our district. Furthermore, Rachel Bitecofer, an elections analyst, proclaimed this week that “Losing a slew of House races in the heart of the Republican Party’s economic and political powerhouse…” would signal a permanent end to the conservative hold of the White House. But this is more than just another high profile campaign, team. This is about creating a path forward for all Texans and their families. While our Republican opponents continue their race to the bottom by making wild and outlandish statements in their party runoff -- our campaign remains focused on addressing the very real issues facing our community today. Fixing a broken healthcare system, solving our current economic crisis, and bringing common sense solutions to Washington are what Team Sri is all about. Sri isn’t running to grandstand -- he’s running to stand up for you. If you can, please take a moment to donate to our campaign as we approach our April 30th deadline. Anything you can give will go a long way. Thank you, Allen Chen Campaign Manager Sri Preston Kulkarni is a lifelong public servant and national security expert who has spent his career overseas working to protect Americans here at home. Growing up in Houston, Sri personally experienced the same challenges that our communities are facing today. In Congress, he’ll fight to lower the cost of prescription drugs, stand up to the gun lobby, address climate change, and bring common-sense solutions to Washington. Help send Sri to Congress! ➜ * * * Bringing true representation to TX-22. Learn more at [[URL REDACTED]] Paid for by Sri for Congress SRI FOR CONGRESS P.O. BOX 898 SUGAR LAND, TX 77487-0898 If you wish to no longer receive email from us, please unsubscribe.

Extracted Content:
- Enormous financial and personal stress has been put on countless families during COVID-19.
- Meeting fundraising goals informs the plans able to be executed in the coming months.
- Coming up short in fundraising can have a domino effect on future campaign activities.
- Elections analysts make predictions about political races.
- Healthcare systems can be broken and in need of fixing.
- Economic crises require solutions.
- Campaigns focus on addressing issues facing their community.

### Email 23
BREAKING: Cook Report Democrats have a “good chance” of picking up TX-22 Sri and our entire team hope you and your loved ones are staying safe and healthy during these trying times. As we work together as one nation to fight COVID-19, we know enormous financial and personal stress has been put on countless families. While we remain committed to doing all we can to flip this district and bring true leadership to TX-22, we understand that this may not be a good time for you to donate. We hope, however, that you'll continue to stay with us as we work for a better Texas. Please visit our COVID-19 community resource guide to find ways you can individually take action to support frontline responders and keep our family safe. * * * BREAKING: Cook Political Report \- Democrats have a “good chance” of picking up TX-22 This cannot wait- Experts are taking notice that our race is a TOSS UP, and now things, are heating up. Political forecasters believe that not only is this race one of Democrats’ best pick up opportunities of 2020 -- but that it’s moving closer and closer in our favor. It’s more important than ever that we invest in the critical grassroots infrastructure we need to win this district and bring True Leadership to Texas by electing Sri. We have a shot at this. But we need to make sure we have the resources to build one of the strongest digital voter outreach programs TX-22 has ever seen. If you’re able to, can you rush a donation today? CONTRIBUTE $5 » CONTRIBUTE $25 » CONTRIBUTE $50 » CONTRIBUTE $100 » Or a custom donation » This news is energizing our team, but we want to be clear about something: We’re not taking anything for granted. To put it bluntly, just because this race isn’t leaning Republican anymore, it doesn’t mean we can’t still lose. Sri is facing millionaires and corrupt GOP interests in November. The fact that this race is a toss-up means that grassroots power can overcome dark corporate money, but it also means that the stakes are higher than ever. To us, this is our chance to create a path forward for all Houston families -- expanding access to health care, solving our current economic crisis, and bringing common sense solutions to Washington. That looks more possible than ever -- but only if we have you by our side, friend. So if you’re able -- and only if you’re able -- can you chip in a few dollars and help us build the campaign we need to win? Donate now ➜ Let’s put our heads down, stay focused, and get to work, friend. Thank you. -All of us at Team Sri Sri Preston Kulkarni is a lifelong public servant and national security expert who has spent his career overseas working to protect Americans here at home. Growing up in Houston, Sri personally experienced the same challenges that our communities are facing today. In Congress, he’ll fight to lower the cost of prescription drugs, stand up to the gun lobby, address climate change, and bring common-sense solutions to Washington. Help send Sri to Congress! ➜ * * * Bringing true representation to TX-22. Learn more at [[URL REDACTED]] Paid for by Sri for Congress SRI FOR CONGRESS P.O. BOX 898 SUGAR LAND, TX 77487-0898 If you wish to no longer receive email from us, please unsubscribe.

Extracted Content:
- People hope their loved ones are staying safe and healthy during trying times.
- Enormous financial and personal stress has been put on countless families due to COVID-19.
- It's important to support frontline responders during a health crisis.
- Grassroots power can influence political outcomes.
- Access to health care is a concern for many families.
- Lowering the cost of prescription drugs is a goal for some political candidates.
- Addressing climate change is a priority for some individuals.

### Email 24
President Barack Obama. Sen. Kamala Harris, our next vice-President. Progressive groups like Moms Demand Action and End Citizens United. Texas unions, like the Iron Workers Local 84. Friend, this is a small slice of the powerful grassroots coalition we’ve built -- and we’re so grateful that you’re a part of it. Be a part of our coalition » CONTRIBUTE $15 » CONTRIBUTE $25 » CONTRIBUTE $35 » CONTRIBUTE $50 » Or a custom donation » Over the course of this incredible campaign, we’ve heard stories from all over our district of families needing the kind of leadership Sri will deliver. This is who our campaign is meant for, friend -- and leaders all over the country are recognizing just what this movement can accomplish. It’s made our historically safe-Republican district a toss-up. It has proven that the voters in this district are sick of political games, demanding accountability from an opponent who politicized the coronavirus, calling common sense safety measures “unAmerican” and refusing to enforce laws that are meant to keep us safe. And, most importantly, it has put the issues our families care about at the forefront. With you by our side, we can finally deliver on these issues and make progress on health care and our economy -- but first, we have to win this election. We have two months left until Election Day, and only a few hours left before a critical fundraising deadline that will shape how we campaign for the next two months. Chip in now to help us push through:  If you've saved your payment information with ActBlue Express, your donation will go through immediately: CONTRIBUTE $15 » CONTRIBUTE $25 » CONTRIBUTE $35 » CONTRIBUTE $50 » Or a custom donation » Thanks, Team Sri * * * Sri and our entire team hope you and your loved ones are staying safe and healthy during these trying times. As we work together as one nation to fight COVID-19, we know enormous financial and personal stress has been put on countless families. While we remain committed to doing all we can to flip this district and bring true leadership to TX-22, we understand that this may not be a good time for you to donate. We hope, however, that you'll continue to stay with us as we work for a better Texas. Please visit our COVID-19 community resource guide to find ways you can individually take action to support frontline responders and keep our family safe. Sri Preston Kulkarni is a lifelong public servant and national security expert who has spent his career overseas working to protect Americans here at home. Growing up in Houston, Sri personally experienced the same challenges that our communities are facing today. In Congress, he’ll fight to lower the cost of prescription drugs, stand up to the gun lobby, address climate change, and bring common-sense solutions to Washington. Help send Sri to Congress! ➜ * * * Bringing true representation to TX-22. Learn more at [[URL REDACTED]] Paid for by Sri for Congress SRI FOR CONGRESS P.O. BOX 898 SUGAR LAND, TX 77487-0898 If you wish to no longer receive email from us, please unsubscribe.

Extracted Content:
- Families need leadership.
- Voters demand accountability from their political representatives.
- Laws are meant to keep us safe.
- Health care and the economy are important issues to families.
- Financial and personal stress has been put on countless families due to COVID-19.
- Lowering the cost of prescription drugs is a concern for some people.
- Some people believe in standing up to the gun lobby.
- Addressing climate change is a concern for some people.

### Email 25
Sri and our entire team hope you and your loved ones are staying safe and healthy during these trying times. As we work together as one nation to fight COVID-19, we know enormous financial and personal stress has been put on countless families. While we remain committed to doing all we can to flip this district and bring true leadership to TX-22, we understand that this may not be a good time for you to donate. We hope, however, that you'll continue to stay with us as we work for a better Texas. Please visit our COVID-19 community resource guide to find ways you can individually take action to support frontline responders and keep our family safe. * * * TEXAS MONTHLY, 5/15/2020: "We have a general election coming up in Texas in about six months. Much is at stake, as the country is not in great shape. It’s vital that this election be transparent and fair, and that everyone who is legally entitled to vote in November can do so and do so safely." Donate to our GOTV Fund ➜ Hi Team, Sri emailed you yesterday about our new plan to Get Out the Vote this fall, as it looks increasingly likely that we will be continuing social distancing into the weeks leading up to November. We know voting in this year’s election will look different than it has in the past, so we need to make sure that we’re prepared to help voters cast their ballots, no matter the circumstances. The data is clear, team: If we achieve a record turn-out in TX-22 in 2020, this district WILL flip blue. Can you make a donation to our GOTV fund to help Sri and our team ensure that not even one voter sits this election out because they are afraid or don’t have the information to vote? >>> TX-22 has been named one of the top pick-up opportunities for Democrats in 2020. Last month we were named to the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee's prestigious Red to Blue list, and this month Cook Political Report singled our district out, proclaiming that Democrats “have a good chance” of winning this seat! Sri’s message is catching fire, team. Houston families are tired of political grandstanding and do-nothing representation. While our opponents compete in a race to the far right, Sri is focused on helping the community now and bringing common sense solutions that work for Texans to DC. We will win this election if we’re able to provide voters with the information they need to safely cast their ballots. Donate now to help us get out the vote and ensure commonsense leadership prevails in 2020! DONATE ➜ -Allen Chen Campaign Manager Sri Preston Kulkarni is a lifelong public servant and national security expert who has spent his career overseas working to protect Americans here at home. Growing up in Houston, Sri personally experienced the same challenges that our communities are facing today. In Congress, he’ll fight to lower the cost of prescription drugs, stand up to the gun lobby, address climate change, and bring common-sense solutions to Washington. Help send Sri to Congress! ➜ * * * Bringing true representation to TX-22. Learn more at [[URL REDACTED]] Paid for by Sri for Congress SRI FOR CONGRESS P.O. BOX 898 SUGAR LAND, TX 77487-0898 If you wish to no longer receive email from us, please unsubscribe.

Extracted Content:
- People are experiencing financial and personal stress during the COVID-19 pandemic.
- It is important for elections to be transparent and fair.
- Everyone who is legally entitled to vote should be able to do so safely.
- Social distancing may continue into the weeks leading up to the November election.
- Voting in this year’s election may look different than in the past.
- Providing voters with the information they need can help them cast their ballots safely.

### Email 26
Team, We’re faced with an unprecedented health crisis and we’re using our campaign platform to get the word out about staying safe and following the CDC’s recommendations for social distancing by canceling all in-person events and moving our organizing efforts online. This is especially important in our district which is one of the most diverse in the country, with many multi-generational families living under the same roofs. Please be mindful in practicing social distancing, especially with your family elders. We’re monitoring things on a daily basis, and will be sure to share any critical updates with you. We also remain committed to the work we have ahead of us to win in November, including raising the resources to continue getting the word out about the important issues at stake in this race: affordable healthcare, lowering prescription drug prices, and protecting Medicaid and Social Security. Our decisive win in the primary shows we have the support and the votes to win this race and flip our district. Help us bring science and common sense back to Washington. If you’re able, can you pitch in anything you can spare to help us? If you've saved your payment information with ActBlue Express, your donation will go through immediately: Chip in: $25 Chip in: $50 Chip in: $100 Chip in: $250 Or, donate another amount We need to come together, across political spectrums, cultures, languages, and across all faiths and beliefs. It's time to restore reason, compassion, and decency to Congress. Thank you, Sri Preston Kulkarni STAY CONNECTED WITH OUR MOVEMENT Paid for by Sri for Congress. Sri for Congress PO Box 898 Sugar Land TX 77487 United States If you believe you received this message in error or wish to longer receive emails from us, please unsubscribe.

Extracted Content:
- Practicing social distancing can help prevent the spread of illness.
- Multi-generational families living under the same roof may need to take extra precautions to protect elderly family members.
- Following the CDC's recommendations is important during a health crisis.

### Email 28
We’re in a time crunch so we’ll get right to the point: Sri Preston Kulkarni Logo Sri and our entire team hope you and your loved ones are staying safe and healthy during these trying times. As we work together as one nation to fight COVID-19, we know enormous financial and personal stress has been put on countless families. While we remain committed to doing all we can to flip this district and bring true leadership to TX-22, we understand that this may not be a good time for you to donate. We hope, however, that you'll continue to stay with us as we work for a better Texas. Please visit our COVID-19 community resource guide to find ways you can individually take action to support frontline responders and keep our family safe. * * * Team - We’re in a time crunch so we’ll get right to the point: In just a few hours we will close the books on our April fundraising totals, and after a swift pick up in momentum yesterday, we’re once again starting to see donations slow, but we’re so close to being where we need to be. If we can get just $1,940 in the door by tonight, we’ll have officially met our April goal which will allow us to get the digital tools we need to better serve our community and win in November. Can we count on you to help us get there, team? CONTRIBUTE $5 » CONTRIBUTE $25 » CONTRIBUTE $50 » CONTRIBUTE $100 » Or a custom donation » Tomorrow morning our team will lay out our May plans, and as long as we don’t fall short today on our funding, we’ll be able to expand our ground game in whole new ways. That means better digital tools for our volunteers, new capacity to better serve our community during COVID-19, and the ability to get Sri’s vision of common sense leadership out to every corner of TX-22. CONTRIBUTE $5 » CONTRIBUTE $25 » CONTRIBUTE $50 » CONTRIBUTE $100 » Or a custom donation » Thank you for taking action, Team Sri Sri Preston Kulkarni is a lifelong public servant and national security expert who has spent his career overseas working to protect Americans here at home. Growing up in Houston, Sri personally experienced the same challenges that our communities are facing today. In Congress, he’ll fight to lower the cost of prescription drugs, stand up to the gun lobby, address climate change, and bring common-sense solutions to Washington. Help send Sri to Congress! ➜ * * * Bringing true representation to TX-22. Learn more at [[URL REDACTED]] Paid for by Sri for Congress SRI FOR CONGRESS P.O. BOX 898 SUGAR LAND, TX 77487-0898 If you wish to no longer receive email from us, please unsubscribe.

Extracted Content:
- People hope their loved ones are staying safe and healthy during trying times.
- Enormous financial and personal stress has been put on countless families due to COVID-19.
- It may not be a good time for people to donate money during a crisis.
- Frontline responders play a crucial role during health emergencies.
- Digital tools can help organizations better serve their community.

### Email 29
It’s about the issues. Sean McCaffity for Congress We are going to get through the coronavirus outbreak together. If you are experiencing symptoms or are looking for more information, you can visit the website of the CDC or the Texas Department of State Health Services. We are closely monitoring the situation and its effects on the people of Texas and our nation as we work together to keep our families and communities safe. Team, Our last fundraising deadline before the runoff is Tuesday night at midnight. This is a critical deadline for our grassroots team — and a critical chance to put our campaign over the top. We are less than 3 weeks from the runoff election. That’s less than 3 weeks to spread Sean’s message before this critical deadline. We’re running on the issues, not attacks on family members. Donate $20.20 or what you’re able to send Sean to face off against Van Taylor in November and flip this seat once and for all >>> If you've saved your payment information with ActBlue Express, your donation will go through immediately: Chip in $10 now Chip in $25 now Chip in $50 now Chip in $100 now Chip in $250 now Another Amount Like many families here in North Texas and across the country, my wife Stephanie and I haven’t always seen eye to eye on politics — but we’ve always agreed that common sense, respect, and decency are the linchpin of real leadership. I’m running on those values now, but I need your help: Chip in $20.20 or what you’re able in the FINAL 48 hours of this deadline and help flip TX-03 in 2020 >>> The support of our grassroots team has been the greatest honor of my life — from Stephanie, from our daughters and friends, and from you. Let’s fight for the better future Texas deserves, y’all. Thank you, Sean McCaffity DONATE Sean McCaffity is a trial attorney with 20 years’ experience ready to bring his drive for standing up for the little guy, fighting for the truth, and helping those in need all the way to the halls of Congress. Sean is a native Texan who chose to raise his family here surrounded by the same values he grew up with. And he knows what Van Taylor forgot along the way— that real leadership requires compassion, empathy, and honesty. To learn more about Sean and why he's running to represent Texas' 3rd district, click here. Paid for by McCaffity for Congress McCaffity for Congress 190 East Stacy Road #306-392 Allen, TX 75002 United States unsubscribe Follow our campaign on Facebook and Twitter today! If you received this email from a friend, click here to get messages from Sean sent directly to your inbox!

Extracted Content:
- We are going to get through the coronavirus outbreak together.
- Common sense, respect, and decency are the linchpin of real leadership.
- Real leadership requires compassion, empathy, and honesty.

### Email 30
We set an ambitious goal and y’all helped us reach it. Stephen Daniel for Congress 2020 Howdy team, The extremism in Washington is out of control, and it’s denying a lifeline to working families and small businesses who could use one these days. I know y’all are ready for leadership that looks out for the rest of us — and I am too. We have the best team of supporters around. We were able to hit our ambitious July fundraising goal, thanks to the generosity of folks like you, team. We have a lot to get done in the next 94 days, and we can’t do it without this team. If you didn’t get the chance to donate in July, don’t stress! You can always help us continue to build our campaign’s momentum. Contribute $10 or whatever you can to our August Momentum Fund >>> I’m so grateful to have you standing with me. We’re going to bring common sense leadership to Washington this November — together! Stephen Daniel CONTRIBUTE ONCE CONTRIBUTE MONTHLY Stephen Daniel is the Democratic Nominee for Congress in TX-06 to unseat Ron Wright. Stephen understands we deserve a leader in Congress who shares that vision: a community where opportunity is available for young and old and where hard work is rewarded. Please join him by making a donation to his campaign today. Paid for by Stephen Daniel for Congress Stephen Daniel for Congress PO Box 265 Maypearl, TX 76064 United States unsubscribe Follow our campaign on Facebook and Twitter today! If you received this email from a friend, click here to get messages from Stephen sent directly to your inbox!

Extracted Content:
- Extremism is out of control in Washington.
- Working families and small businesses could use a lifeline these days.
- Leadership should look out for the rest of us.
- It's possible to hit an ambitious fundraising goal with the help of supporters.
- There's a lot to get done in a limited amount of time.
- Donations can help build a campaign's momentum.
- Opportunity should be available for young and old.
- Hard work should be rewarded.

### Email 31
Stephen is surging! Stephen Daniel for Congress 2020 Team, We’re surging! Our momentum has even the experts in Washington taking notice. The Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee just added Texas-06 to their list of Battleground districts. This means we’re one of the few key races with the potential to flip blue in November. Chip in $20.20 or whatever you can to keep building our momentum >>> The pundits in Washington are taking notice — North Texans just don’t line up with Ron Wright’s far-right extremism and are calling out for common sense leadership to not only navigate our current crisis but to rebuild an economy that works for all of us. Stephen is surging! Pitch in $20.20 now. After hearing this news, Republicans are only going to pour more money into keeping Ron’s seat safe. Let’s show them the strength of this campaign. Chip in $20.20 or whatever you can so we can reach our end of month fundraising goal >>> If you've saved your payment information with ActBlue Express, your donation will go through immediately: Chip in $6 Chip in $20.20 Chip in $56 Chip in $106 Chip in $256 Another Amount Let’s keep surging! Team Daniel CONTRIBUTE ONCE CONTRIBUTE MONTHLY Stephen Daniel is the Democratic Nominee for Congress in TX-06 to unseat Ron Wright. Stephen understands we deserve a leader in Congress who shares that vision: a community where opportunity is available for young and old and where hard work is rewarded. Please join him by making a donation to his campaign today. Paid for by Stephen Daniel for Congress Stephen Daniel for Congress PO Box 265 Maypearl, TX 76064 United States unsubscribe Follow our campaign on Facebook and Twitter today! If you received this email from a friend, click here to get messages from Stephen sent directly to your inbox!

Extracted Content:
- People in Washington notice momentum in political campaigns.
- The Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee identifies key races with potential to change party control.
- Political campaigns often ask for donations to support their efforts.
- Campaigns may set fundraising goals to reach by certain deadlines.
- Political candidates often present themselves as aligned with common sense leadership.
- Campaigns use donations to compete against their opponents' funding.
- Political campaigns offer multiple donation options to potential contributors.
- ActBlue Express allows for immediate processing of donations.

### Email 33
Are you ready to get out there and vote? Stephen Daniel for Congress 2020 Today is the first day of early voting in Texas! If you already have a plan of where and when you’re going to vote, you can help our campaign contact voters across the district and get them to the polls by rushing $6 to our Get Out the Vote Fund >>> GOTV FUND Team, Get ready to saddle up and vote. If you are a Texas voter, find your polling location here >>> Find your polling location Ron Wright is all hat and no cattle. From healthcare to relief for working families, he’s let us down again and again. It’s time to replace him. Every vote we get is one step closer to affordable and accessible healthcare, getting our economy back on its feet, and building a sustainable and resilient future for our children and grandchildren. Let’s stop the extremism and bring common sense solutions back to Washington. Stephen Daniel CONTRIBUTE ONCE CONTRIBUTE WEEKLY Stephen Daniel is the Democratic Nominee for Congress in TX-06 to unseat Ron Wright. Stephen understands we deserve a leader in Congress who shares that vision: a community where opportunity is available for young and old and where hard work is rewarded. Please join him by making a donation to his campaign today. Paid for by Stephen Daniel for Congress Stephen Daniel for Congress PO Box 265 Maypearl, TX 76064 United States unsubscribe Follow our campaign on Facebook and Twitter today! If you received this email from a friend, click here to get messages from Stephen sent directly to your inbox!

Extracted Content:
- Today is the first day of early voting in Texas.
- Every vote counts towards the outcome of an election.
- Accessible healthcare is important for a community.
- A strong economy is beneficial for a country's citizens.
- Voting is a way to participate in the democratic process.

### Email 34
I know y’all are ready for leadership that looks out for the rest of us. Stephen Daniel for Congress 2020 Team, I’m running for Congress in Texas’s 6th District and I want to tell you why. Growing up in Itasca, my dad worked in a landfill and my mom worked at a video rental store. I grew up in a working-class family, and I’m running for Congress to fight for the working people of Texas. Join Us. Here in North Texas, one thing is for sure — our people are strong, hard-working, and committed to building a better life for our families. We deserve a leader in Congress who is fighting to make sure that opportunity is available for young and old and that hard work is rewarded. I raised my two daughters as a single dad. I believe that an honest day’s work should be enough to put food on the table, a roof over your head, and cover the cost of necessary medications. But unfortunately, that isn’t the case today. Washington, D.C. has gotten out of control — reason and common sense have completely vanished. Our representatives are denying a lifeline to working families and small businesses who could use one these days. I know you’re ready for leadership that looks out for the rest of us — I am too. Join our campaign and we’ll work together to bring common-sense leadership to Washington this November >>> Let’s get to work. Stephen Daniel Democratic Nominee for Congress, TX-06 CONTRIBUTE ONCE CONTRIBUTE MONTHLY Stephen Daniel is the Democratic Nominee for Congress in TX-06 to unseat Ron Wright. Stephen understands we deserve a leader in Congress who shares that vision: a community where opportunity is available for young and old and where hard work is rewarded. Please join him by making a donation to his campaign today. Paid for by Stephen Daniel for Congress Stephen Daniel for Congress PO Box 265 Maypearl, TX 76064 United States unsubscribe Follow our campaign on Facebook and Twitter today! If you received this email from a friend, click here to get messages from Stephen sent directly to your inbox!

Extracted Content:
- People in North Texas are strong, hard-working, and committed to building a better life for their families.
- An honest day’s work should be enough to put food on the table, a roof over your head, and cover the cost of necessary medications.

### Email 35
With the election coming up quickly, I want to reach out and ask if you can donate to a candidate for U.S. Congress that I have known and worked with for more than 15 years, Stephen Daniel. Dear friend, With the election coming up quickly, I want to reach out and ask if you can donate to a candidate for U.S. Congress that I have known and worked with for more than 15 years, Stephen Daniel. During our time working together, I have been consistently impressed by his integrity, hard work and commitment to helping others. From fighting for justice for his clients to serving as a steward for his community, Stephen is one of the best we have. Stephen is emblematic of the common sense that we need to restore in Washington. He approaches every problem with a level head and works to find the best solution for everyone, not himself. He follows his moral compass, not the whims of whatever is easiest. He never ceases to do right by his clients, his family or his friends, and that’s what makes him a good man. Stephen is running in Texas's 6th Congressional District. This is a district we can win this year and I need your help to get it on the radar of the folks in Washington. Beto O'Rourke barely lost the district during his run for Senate in 2018 and the explosive growth of our area has made it even more competitive. Please join me in supporting my colleague and friend Stephen with a donation to his campaign today. You can click this link to donate. Best, Clay Jenkins Stephen Daniel is the Democratic Nominee for TX-06 running against Republican Ron Wright, the most conservative Congressman in Texas. Donate now to prove we can beat him! CONTRIBUTE MONTHLY Paid for by Stephen Daniel for Congress Stephen Daniel for Congress PO Box 265 Maypearl, TX 76064 United States If you believe you received this message in error or wish to no longer receive email from us, please unsubscribe.

Extracted Content:
- Elections are time-sensitive events.
- People often ask for donations to support political campaigns.
- Candidates for political office often have a history of public service.
- Political campaigns can be funded by contributions from supporters.
- Elections can be competitive.
- Growth in an area can affect its political landscape.

### Email 37
We’ve made A LOT of headway since this morning, Friend -- we’re only $2,000 AWAY from hitting our target, but only SIX HOURS to do it. Don't want to receive anymore emails? Unsubscribe here. We’ve made A LOT of headway since this morning, Friend -- we’re only $2,000 AWAY from hitting our target, but only have SIX HOURS to do it. To help carry the load, a group of COMMITTED conservatives agreed to 3X MATCH the next 100 donations as long as you donate BEFORE 11:59 PM. We can’t afford to fall short, Friend, I hope we can count on you to donate at this link we personalized just for you: [[URL REDACTED]][[EMAIL_REDACTED]]. TG Sent from my iPhone \---------- Forwarded message --------- From: Team Gonzales <[[URL REDACTED]]> Date: Mon, Aug 31, 2020 at 10:00 AM Subject: FWD: 12 hours away from our critical deadline, Friend. To: [[EMAIL_REDACTED]] Friend, With just 12 HOURS AWAY from our deadline, we’re still $4,000 SHORT of our goal. OBJECTIVE: RAISE $4,000 DEADLINE: 08/31 @ 11:59PM SUGGESTED CONTRIBUTION: $23.00 MAKE AN EXPRESS CONTRIBUTION $500 $250 $100 $75 $50 $25 This race WILL DETERMINE who holds the House Majority in 2021. Medicare for All, the Green New Deal, Defunding law enforcement -- that’s all on the table if Nancy Pelosi keeps her majority. HELP US HIT OUR GOAL Tony Gonzales is a common sense conservative, fighting for the issues TX-23 cares about most. Tony’s fighting for better paying jobs, better care for our veterans, and a STRONGER national defense. Our radical opponent is more interested in playing politics than helping this district. That’s why we have to give it our all to get Tony to Congress, Friend. Can we count you in BEFORE our deadline in JUST 12 hours? \--Team Gonzales Paid for by Tony Gonzales for Congress 11613 Huebner Rd San Antonio, TX 78248 If you would prefer not to receive future emails, visit here. Privacy Policy

Extracted Content:
- People generally do not want to receive unwanted emails.
- People often set deadlines for fundraising goals.
- Political campaigns frequently ask for donations.
- Matching donations are a common fundraising strategy.

### Email 41
There are a lot of problems Congress can fix if we work together and use common sense. Friends and Neighbors, I am so excited to share our newest ad with you, explaining what inspired me to roll up my sleeves and run for school board. You can click here to watch it and, if you’re able, pitch in a few dollars to keep it on the air. Watch our ad » Now, I never planned to run for office. But Friend, when I saw my sons and their teachers sweating in 98 degree classrooms and the school board refusing to take action, I knew I had to do something. It’s just common sense -- if we want our children to be able to learn, we need to give them the best environment to do so. So I ran for school board and I won. Not only did we get the schools air conditioned, but we got all 6 of my campaign priorities accomplished. This story is important because too often, politicians come around asking for your vote for the wrong reasons. Serving on my local school board and the city council, I found that if you’re willing to roll up your sleeves and work together, you can actually get a lot done for people. This common-sense approach helped me in Jefferson City, where every bill I passed has had bipartisan support. And in Congress, you can trust that I will always work to find common ground on the issues that matter most to Missourians. We’re coming up on our end-of-month fundraising deadline in just a few short days, and we still need to raise $15,000 from our grassroots supporters online to keep our ad on the air and continue reaching voters. If you’re able, will you consider chipping in any amount now to help us meet this important fundraising goal? Donate $5 » Donate $25 » Donate $50 » Donate $100 » Donate $250 » Donate A Custom Amount » Thank you for everything you do. I am so grateful to have you on my team. Jill * * * "Wishing you good health and the ability to stay safe during this unprecedented and challenging time. I know I am not alone when I say, our hearts go out to the people who are doing the hard work of caring for us: in the hospitals, in our stores, by delivering our mail, providing care and being there for emergencies. This is a time where we stand together by staying apart, and work together for good outcomes for today and the future." -Jill Jill Schupp is running for Congress in Missouri's 2nd district to restore civility and trust in our government. To learn more about Jill, visit [[URL REDACTED]] Donate to Jill » Paid for by Schupp For Congress Schupp For Congress P.O. Box 410064 Creve Coeur, MO 63141 United States If you believe you received this message in error or wish to no longer receive email from us, please unsubscribe.

Extracted Content:
- If we want our children to be able to learn, we need to give them the best environment to do so
- Working together can lead to getting a lot done for people
- It's important to find common ground on issues that matter

### Email 42
Grassroots supporters are the key to fueling this people-powered campaign in one of the most competitive districts in the entire country. You are receiving this message because of your interest in electing Missouri Democrats. Jill Schupp is a Democrat running for Congress in Missouri’s 2nd district. This race is a must-win for Democrats’ chances of protecting and expanding their House majority in 2020. To support Jill’s campaign, click here. If you wish to no longer receive email from us, please unsubscribe. Friends and Neighbors, This is a difficult time for our state and our country. We are facing unprecedented challenges, and it’s more important now than ever that we have leaders in our community who are putting the health, safety, and well-being of our hard-working families first. As a state senator, I’ve been working with local and state leaders to expand access to testing, provide more resources for health care workers, and support our local economy as we weather this crisis. Now, I’m hoping to take my results-driven approach and make an even greater impact for our community, which is why I’m running for Congress. People in Missouri are tired of business as usual in Washington. Partisan bickering has become the unfortunate norm, even in times of crisis. But throughout my career, I’ve worked with people with whom I don’t always agree to find common ground to get things done. That is what I’ve always done, and that’s what I’ll continue to do in Congress. If we’re going to flip MO-02 blue in November, I’ll need people like you by my side. Grassroots supporters are the key to fueling this people-powered campaign in one of the most competitive districts in the entire country. Will you join our team, Friend? Join our team » My focus is not ideology. It’s working for the people I am elected to represent -- including making sure we have access to affordable health care, we can afford the medications we need, and we can protect our small businesses and economy. So if you’re with us, join our team below. Together we can flip MO-02 blue and bring some common sense and civility back to Washington. Join our team » Above all else, please stay safe and healthy, and continue following the important guidelines from the CDC around hand washing and social distancing. Thanks for your support! \--Jill Schupp Jill Schupp is running for Congress in Missouri's 2nd district to restore civility and trust in our government. To learn more about Jill, visit [[URL REDACTED]] We recognize this is an unprecedented and challenging time for many Americans. Please only donate to our campaign if you can afford to do so. Take care of yourself and your friends, family, and neighbors during this public health crisis. Donate to Jill » Paid for by Schupp For Congress Schupp For Congress P.O. Box 410064 Creve Coeur, MO 63141 United States If you believe you received this message in error or wish to no longer receive email from us, please unsubscribe.

Extracted Content:
- People-powered campaigns rely on grassroots supporters.
- Partisan bickering has become common in Washington politics.
- Affordable health care is important for people.
- Medications should be affordable.
- Protecting small businesses and the economy is a priority for some politicians.
- Following guidelines from health authorities like the CDC can help keep individuals safe and healthy.

### Email 43
Grassroots supporters are the key to fueling this people-powered campaign in one of the most competitive districts in the entire country. You are receiving this message because of your interest in electing Democrats across the country. Jill Schupp is a Democrat running for Congress in Missouri’s 2nd district. This race is a must-win for Democrats’ chances of protecting and expanding their House majority in 2020. To support Jill’s campaign, click here. If you wish to no longer receive email from us, please unsubscribe. Friends and Neighbors, This is a difficult time for our state and our country. We are facing unprecedented challenges with the COVID-19 pandemic, and it’s more important now than ever that we have leaders in our community who are putting the health, safety, and well-being of our hard-working families first. As a state senator, I’ve been working with local and state leaders to expand access to testing, provide more resources for health care and frontline workers, and support our local economy as we weather this crisis. Now, I’m hoping to take my results-driven approach and make an even greater impact for our community, which is why I’m running for Congress. People in Missouri are tired of business as usual in Washington. Partisan bickering has become the unfortunate norm, even in times of crisis. But throughout my career, I’ve worked with people with whom I don’t always agree to find common ground to get things done. That is what I’ve always done, and that’s what I’ll continue to do in Congress. If we’re going to flip MO-02 blue in November, I’ll need people like you by my side. Grassroots supporters are the key to fueling this people-powered campaign in one of the most competitive districts in the entire country. Will you join our team, Friend? Join our team » My focus is not ideology. It’s working for the people I am elected to represent -- including making sure we have access to affordable health care, we can afford the medications we need, and we can protect our small businesses and economy. So if you’re with us, join our team below. Together we can flip MO-02 blue and bring some common sense and civility back to Washington. Join our team » Above all else, please stay safe and healthy, and continue following the important guidelines from the CDC around hand washing and social distancing. Thanks for your support! \--Jill Schupp Jill Schupp is running for Congress in Missouri's 2nd district to restore civility and trust in our government. To learn more about Jill, visit [[URL REDACTED]] A note from Jill: "During this difficult time, first and foremost, please take good care of yourself, your friends, and family. Know that I am working hard to bring the positive change we need to Washington. If you are still able to help by donating to the campaign, it will make a difference. Thank you for the many ways you are supporting our community." Donate to Jill » Paid for by Schupp For Congress Schupp For Congress P.O. Box 410064 Creve Coeur, MO 63141 United States If you believe you received this message in error or wish to no longer receive email from us, please unsubscribe.

Extracted Content:
- People-powered campaigns rely on grassroots supporters.
- Health, safety, and well-being are important to hard-working families.
- Access to affordable health care is a concern for many people.
- Medications need to be affordable for those who require them.
- Small businesses are vital to the local economy.
- Partisan bickering is common in Washington politics.
- Leaders should work together to find common ground and get things done.
- Following CDC guidelines, like hand washing and social distancing, is important for public health.

### Email 44
Let me explain why I’m supporting Jill We hope you enjoy this longer note from Mayor Harold Dielmann, a lifelong Republican who was mayor of Creve Coeur, Missouri for 28 years, on why he supports Jill. If you don’t have time to read it all (that’s okay!), will you consider chipping in any amount to help Jill reach her most important fundraising deadline to date so she can win this TOSS-UP race? Donate now » Friend, Today, my friend Jill Schupp is taking a day of reflection to observe Yom Kippur, so I wanted to use the opportunity to reach out and explain why, as a lifelong Republican, I am supporting Jill this year in her race to represent Missouri’s Second District.  I served with Jill when I was Mayor of Creve Coeur, Missouri, and she was on the City Council. I have seen Jill in action firsthand, and when she wants to get something done, nothing can stand in her way. From my time working with Jill, I know that she is a consensus-builder and works well with other people, and this shows clearly in her record. In fact, every bill Jill has passed in the legislature has had bipartisan support. I know Jill can bring back common sense to our government and that she’ll work hard for real solutions to the challenges facing Missourians. Friend, believe me when I say that for Jill, it’s not about a political party, it’s about doing what’s best for people. That’s why I say Jill Schupp is a people candidate, not a party candidate. I’ve been a Republican all my life -- that’s 90 years. I am proud to support Jill in this election, but I know she has a tough fight ahead in these final weeks. She has a very important fundraising deadline coming up in just a few days, so I would appreciate it if you would consider chipping in to help her win this race so she can go to Washington and get things done for Missouri families. If you've saved your payment information with ActBlue Express, your donation will go through immediately: Express Donate $5 » Express Donate $25 » Express Donate $50 » Express Donate $100 » Express Donate $250 » Donate A Custom Amount » Thank you for taking the time to read this note and for supporting my friend Jill. Harold Dielmann Former Mayor, Creve Coeur * * * "Wishing you good health and the ability to stay safe during this unprecedented and challenging time. I know I am not alone when I say, our hearts go out to the people who are doing the hard work of caring for us: in the hospitals, in our stores, by delivering our mail, providing care and being there for emergencies. This is a time where we stand together by staying apart, and work together for good outcomes for today and the future." -Jill Jill Schupp is running for Congress in Missouri's 2nd district to restore civility and trust in our government. To learn more about Jill, visit [[URL REDACTED]] Donate to Jill » Paid for by Schupp For Congress Schupp For Congress P.O. Box 410064 Creve Coeur, MO 63141 United States If you believe you received this message in error or wish to no longer receive email from us, please unsubscribe.

Extracted Content:
- People who are doing the hard work of caring for us include those in hospitals, in our stores, by delivering our mail, providing care, and being there for emergencies.
- This is a time where we stand together by staying apart.

### Email 49
Team Culp, Did you see Loren’s email this morning? I know you’re busy, so I’ll keep this brief: we have just a few hours left to hit our end-of-quarter goals, and I’m hoping you can help. Since joining Loren’s campaign, I’ve gotten to know him. And let me tell you, he is without a doubt the person Washington needs if we’re going to restore common sense to our state government. We’re in a big fight, but we can beat Jay Inslee if we all unite right now. Help us reach our goals by midnight, and send a message to Jay Inslee, by making a contribution now. Even if it’s just $1, every bit helps. Best, Chris Gergen Team Culp Begin forwarded message: From: Loren Culp <[[URL REDACTED]]> To: <[[EMAIL_REDACTED]]> Subject: ACTION REQUESTED: Chip in before midnight My friends, One major lesson I have learned over the course of my career - from the U.S. Army to my current role as a Police Chief - is proper planning prevents poor performance. When I launched our campaign for Governor, I knew it would be a challenge. I also knew if we approached this campaign strategically and built a base of enthusiastic supporters, we could beat Jay Inslee and restore common sense to Olympia. It’s a bold plan, but times like these require exactly that. Like many others, we’ve been forced to shift all of our activities online. And while that allows us the opportunity to connect with even more people, it also requires additional resources to fuel those efforts. That’s why I am reaching out: tonight at midnight is our first end-of-quarter deadline of 2020, and we want to show Jay Inslee and his friends in Olympia that we haven’t skipped a beat. Can you help us do that by chipping in $10, $25, $50 or more now? Every dollar raised will go toward spreading our vision to as many voters across the state as possible. Alex, I’ve been so appreciative of your past support, and I’m hoping I can count on you again today. Chip in now! God bless, Loren facebook twitter * * * PAID FOR BY CULP FOR GOVERNOR (R) 2020 Unsubscribe

Extracted Content:
- Proper planning prevents poor performance.
- Every dollar raised will go toward spreading our vision to as many voters as possible.

### Email 53
We are not out of the fire yet. No images? Click here Washington Hacked Again # We lost thousands of small businesses to lockdown and now we lose Boeing. Washington state is losing thousands of jobs that affect hundreds of thousands of families. We need you to share these stories with your family and friends through social media, through conversations in your home, and in the loudest voices you have in public. Our families depend on holding our leaders accountable for every single job lost. Read about the Impact of losing Boeing Donate to Culp for Governor ## We need to stop losing jobs. News of losing thousands of jobs from Boeing is just the tip of the iceberg. Thousands of small businesses are barely keeping the lights on or have already closed. Our current leaders are driving our state into debt that our grandchildren can never repay. It isn't hard logic: Keep our jobs. Keep our families off the street. Our monthly goal is short by $42k. We need your help and your dollars to support Loren so that we can bring common sense common sense back to Olympia. Share. Donate. Speak Out. Every action of support is appreciated as we rally millions of voices in Washington state. $50 $100 $250 $500 $1,000 OTHER FacebookTwitterYouTubeWebsite Culp for Governor 855 Trosper Rd. SW Suite 108-382 Tumwater, WA 98512 Share Tweet Share Preferences | Unsubscribe

Extracted Content:
- Thousands of small businesses have closed due to lockdowns.
- Job losses can affect hundreds of thousands of families.
- Losing jobs can lead to families struggling financially.
- Businesses need to keep their lights on to continue operating.

### Email 60
2020 will go down as a historic year for many reasons. We believe grassroots folks like you will have their voices heard loudly at the ballot box. No images? Click here 2020 will go down as a historic year for many reasons. We believe grassroots folks like you will have their voices heard loudly at the ballot box this year in record numbers. We Are Winning - Inslee is falling down! Please remember to vote for great candidates down the ballot too! We can take back a seat in Congress by pushing Jesse Jenson over the top in the 8th Congressional District. We can also put the left on notice by electing Matt Larkin as Attorney General. NOW IS THE TIME TO VOTE. Get your ballot in early! Don't wait! There's too much at stake! Fortune favors the bold and together, you and me, we will send common sense to Olympia and Lead Washington's Comeback. We know what the goal is. Convince a friend. Get your ballot in. Donate to the cause. Every vote matters. #STOPinslee $50 $100 $250 $500 $1,000 OTHER FacebookTwitterYouTubeWebsite Culp for Governor 855 Trosper Rd. SW Suite 108-382 Tumwater, WA 98512 Share Tweet Share Preferences | Unsubscribe

Extracted Content:
- Every vote matters.

### Email 61
Alex, I was recently interviewed by Jason Rantz about the Capitol Hill Organized Protest zone in Seattle, and what I would do as Governor. As I said during the interview, we have leadership in Seattle and leadership in Olympia that doesn’t have a spine and doesn’t realize that there are people in there that have businesses and homes, and the good people of Seattle need to be protected. There needs to be law and order. As a conservative police chief, I believe in the right to peacefully assemble and protest. What I don’t believe in, however, is lawlessness and complicit government leadership. When I’m governor, I will shut down those who wish to bring anarchy to our cities by torching businesses, burning cars, and assaulting citizens. If you believe, like I do, that it’s time for the lawlessness to end, can I count on your support this month? We’re up against a huge deadline on the 30th, and I want to make sure we hit our goals. Together, we can win this campaign and bring common sense to Olympia. The establishment politicians there may not like me, but I’m running to deliver for the people of Washington, not them. Join my campaign and help us hit our end of quarter fundraising goals by clicking here now. Thank you, Loren facebook twitter * * * PAID FOR BY CULP FOR GOVERNOR (R) 2020 Unsubscribe

Extracted Content:
- People have businesses and homes.
- The good people need to be protected.
- There needs to be law and order.
- People have the right to peacefully assemble and protest.

### Email 62
My friends, One major lesson I have learned over the course of my career - from the U.S. Army to my current role as a Police Chief - is proper planning prevents poor performance. When I launched our campaign for Governor, I knew it would be a challenge. I also knew if we approached this campaign strategically and built a base of enthusiastic supporters, we could beat Jay Inslee and restore common sense to Olympia. It’s a bold plan, but times like these require exactly that. Like many others, we’ve been forced to shift all of our activities online. And while that allows us the opportunity to connect with even more people, it also requires additional resources to fuel those efforts. That’s why I am reaching out: tonight at midnight is our first end-of-quarter deadline of 2020, and we want to show Jay Inslee and his friends in Olympia that we haven’t skipped a beat. Can you help us do that by chipping in $10, $25, $50 or more now? Every dollar raised will go toward spreading our vision to as many voters across the state as possible. Alex, I’ve been so appreciative of your past support, and I’m hoping I can count on you again today. Chip in now! God bless, Loren facebook twitter * * * PAID FOR BY CULP FOR GOVERNOR (R) 2020 Unsubscribe

Extracted Content:
- Proper planning prevents poor performance.
- Strategic approaches and building a base of supporters can be effective in political campaigns.
- Online activities allow the opportunity to connect with more people.
- Campaigns require resources to operate.

### Email 63
From our family to yours, have a safe and Happy New Year! # This is our time. Alex, King Solomon once remarked: "There is a right time for everything: A time to be born; A time to die; A time to plant; A time to harvest; A time to kill; A time to heal; A time to destroy; A time to rebuild; A time to cry; A time to laugh; A time to grieve; A time to dance; A time for scattering stones; A time for gathering stones; A time to hug; A time not to hug; A time to find; A time to lose; A time for keeping; A time for throwing away; A time to tear; A time to repair; A time to be quiet; A time to speak up; A time for loving; A time for hating; A time for war; A time for peace." This time. 2020. This is our year. This is the season that will usher in a change in Washington State--and I believe many other parts of the country, as well. It is my great honor to work hard to earn your support in our bid to retake the Governor's office after 35 years of one-party control. On behalf of my family, our campaign staff, and myself, we wish you a very Happy and Joyous New Year filled with hope and peace. Together, we will send common sense to Olympia! My warmest thoughts, Loren Culp Candidate for Governor Facebook Website Copyright © 2019 Culp for Governor(R), All rights reserved. You are receiving this email because you opted in via our website. Our mailing address is: Loren Culp for Governor PO Box 1083 Republic, WA 99166-1083 Add us to your address book Want to change how you receive these emails? You can update your preferences or unsubscribe from this list. PAID FOR BY CULP FOR GOVERNOR (R)

Extracted Content:
- There is a right time for everything
- A time to be born
- A time to die
- A time to plant
- A time to harvest
- A time to kill
- A time to heal
- A time to destroy
- A time to rebuild
- A time to cry
- A time to laugh
- A time to grieve
- A time to dance
- A time for scattering stones
- A time for gathering stones
- A time to hug
- A time not to hug
- A time to find
- A time to lose
- A time for keeping
- A time for throwing away
- A time to tear
- A time to repair
- A time to be quiet
- A time to speak up
- A time for loving
- A time for hating
- A time for war
- A time for peace

### Email 67
Good leaders listen, great leaders learn and take action. [[URL REDACTED]] Donate Today Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Friend, I have been listening. I have been reading your emails, listening to your phone calls, and speaking with you at our virtual town halls. I have been listening to my friends and community members for the thirty years I have lived in this great district. I promise to continue listening to all sides, including those who disagree with me. Scott Fitzgerald does not listen. Just last week 34 faith leaders sent a letter to Fitzgerald praying that he examine his conscience and push for policies that keep us safe during this pandemic. By forcing WI to reopen without common-sense policies to keep our communities safe, Fitzgerald put us all in danger. The US just reached 3 million Coronavirus cases, Fitzgerald is certainly doing his part to keep those numbers on the rise. Voters, business owners, and religious leaders are begging him to listen, but he won’t. Maybe he’s frightened that Trump will criticize him. Maybe he just isn’t doing his research. Maybe he will do whatever it takes to win, even if it means more Wisconsinites die. This is unacceptable. Join me and let’s fight for common sense and conscientious solutions. Please, can you chip in $5, $10, or $20 to help me stop Scott Fitzgerald? As your congressman, I will listen to you. I will continue to learn from you. And I will lead with YOU. Forging our new way forward together, Tom Palzewicz Copyright © 2020 Palzewicz for Wisconsin. All rights reserved. You are receiving this email because you opted in via our website or in person. Paid for by Palzewicz for Wisconsin. Palzewicz for Wisconsin 17145J W Bluemound Rd #123 Brookfield, WI 53005-5933 United States If you believe you received this message in error or wish to no longer receive email from us, please unsubscribe. Prior to running for office, Tom Palzewicz (pronounced Pal-zuh-wits) served in the U.S. Navy for six years, worked as a banker to help communities manage their financial affairs including saving his company from the 2008 financial crisis, and now owns a thriving small business. Tom’s people-first approach to leadership is reflected in his policy priorities. He is committed to creating an economy that works for everyone, expanding affordable healthcare coverage for all Americans, investing in high-quality education, and upholding the principle of equality. Tom will work to make our communities safer, smarter, and cleaner. He currently lives in Brookfield where he raised three children with his wife of 30 years, Terri. They have two dogs, Sophia and Kalliope. Donate Volunteer

Extracted Content:
- Good leaders listen.
- Great leaders learn and take action.
- Forcing a region to reopen without policies to keep communities safe can put people in danger.
- Listening to all sides, including those who disagree with you, is important.

### Email 68
Wow, is this seriously our President? [[URL REDACTED]] Donate Today Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Friend, Over 120,000 American lives have been lost to the Coronavirus. The gravity of this grim milestone seems to be lost on our President. Like you, we’ve been watching Trump this last week and have been baffled. Whether it’s the weird tirades to empty seats at his Tulsa rally or the nonsensical twitter storms, it is clear that Trump does not care about our COVID crisis. As COVID cases climb across our country, Trump is moving to end testing. Let that sink in. The virus will not go away if we pretend it is over. Americans will not stop dying if we stop testing. Tom is fighting for enhanced testing capabilities. Tom supports science. Tom leads with a clear vision for reopening, which balances our economic interests with our health and well-being. If you value our nation’s health experts, if you care about science, if you want policies that protect American lives, then chip in $10, $20, or $30, so Tom can fight for common sense and decency in Congress. What will Trump do next while COVID kills more Americans? It’s time for us to act now. In this together, Team Tom Copyright © 2020 Palzewicz for Wisconsin. All rights reserved. You are receiving this email because you opted in via our website or in person. Paid for by Palzewicz for Wisconsin. Palzewicz for Wisconsin 17145J W Bluemound Rd #123 Brookfield, WI 53005-5933 United States If you believe you received this message in error or wish to no longer receive email from us, please unsubscribe. Prior to running for office, Tom Palzewicz (pronounced Pal-zuh-wits) served in the U.S. Navy for six years, worked as a banker to help communities manage their financial affairs including saving his company from the 2008 financial crisis, and now owns a thriving small business. Tom’s people-first approach to leadership is reflected in his policy priorities. He is committed to creating an economy that works for everyone, expanding affordable healthcare coverage for all Americans, investing in high-quality education, and upholding the principle of equality. Tom will work to make our communities safer, smarter, and cleaner. He currently lives in Brookfield where he raised three children with his wife of 30 years, Terri. They have two dogs, Sophia and Kalliope. Donate Volunteer

Extracted Content:
- The virus will not go away if we pretend it is over.
- Americans will not stop dying if we stop testing.

### Email 70
Friends, We email you a lot about how Alyse and our team are creating a movement for change here in Alaska, and asking you for the resources to help to build it. But today, we want you to hear from folks who have already invested in our campaign. We asked why they were inspired to give, and here are just a few of the responses. Philippe from Anchorage gave because he shares Alyse’s values and vision for our future: “I contribute to Ms. Galvin's campaign because she represents a common sense, people first drive in politics for the state. I have great admiration for her, I have seen first hand what a wonderful volunteer she was (we had children in the same school some years ago) and she is the kind of leader I want for our community. I trust that she will put Alaskans first in her policy and voting decisions because she is a true Alaskan.  We share the same values and the same vision for our community, now and for the future.” CONTRIBUTE Allison from Palmer says she contributed after connecting with Alyse in person: “I know that meeting her made such an impact. It is vitally important that people in rural areas have the opportunity to get to know her too. They deserve the chance for better health care, and a policy that will protect indigenous lands. To meet her is to trust her. Alyse is intelligent, kind, and authentic." CONTRIBUTE And Derek from Anchorage told us he stepped up because he appreciates Alyse’s pledge to refuse corporate PAC money: “I want to see less corporate money in politics. In order to do that, candidates need a viable alternative campaign funding source which means I need to step up to help out. If thousands others like me do the same, we might actually see politicians working for the people of the district they represent instead of the money interests that put them there.” CONTRIBUTE Today, we hope you’ll join Philippe, Allison, Derek, and supporters across the state by chipping in $5, $20, or whatever you can to power Alyse’s movement for change. DONATE $5 DONATE $25 DONATE $50 DONATE $100 Team Alyse Team Alyse * * * Alyse Galvin for Congress Paid for by Alyse for Alaska Alyse for Alaska P.O. BOX 90020 Anchorage, AK 99509 United States This message was sent to your email address Alyse Galvin is running for Congress to be the energetic and independent voice Alaska needs in Washington. She has spent her entire life bringing people together to solve problems, fighting for our communities and standing up for Alaska’s future. Alyse is ready to be a solutions-oriented, independent voice who sets partisan interests aside to fight for all Alaskans. Alyse is running to represent all Alaskans, not corporate PACs or party leaders. That means she's relying on your grassroots support. Please consider making a contribution to Alyse Galvin for Congress today. DONATE Click here if you wish to receive fewer emails. If you believe you received this message in error or wish to no longer receive email from us, please unsubscribe.

Extracted Content:
- People in rural areas deserve the chance for better health care.
- Politicians should work for the people of the district they represent.

### Email 71
You can help win this election in two months My policies are on a platform with a backbone. I've never been one to shy away from doing the right thing in difficult situations. The world is in turmoil right now and I'm still not backing down. My policies get to the core of our nation's issues. They're tough on the privileged and potentially life saving for the rest of us. These policies aren't just miraculous fix-alls that will never work. They're common sense. Racial Justice We need to police the police. We need to work hard to remove the overabundance of cops in black communities and decrease the unfair incarceration of POC. Ending Gun Violence & Mass Shootings The U.S. is the world leader in mass shootings. This needs to change. We don't need weapons of war on our streets. Standing with the People of Palestine The human rights of Palestinian people need to be respected by Israel and the world. I support a two state solution. Family Support We need policies that will reduce the stress on families. Things like paid sick leave, paid maternal and paternal leave, and universal childcare Medicare For All Nobody chooses to get sick. It's time we stop being the black sheep of the developed world-- let's give healthcare to our people now. Gender Equality I'm pro-choice. Men don't get to tell women what to do with their bodies. And how dare a company pay a woman less than a man? That needs to end. Check out all 23 of my strong policies at [[URL REDACTED]] Donate Support a candidate who will fight for the health of our planet, canceling crippling student debt, allowing anyone to see a doctor at any time, and removing the greed of corporate money from politics. PAID FOR BY SOLOMON RAJPUT FOR CONGRESS Facebook    Twitter    Instagram Paid for by Solomon Rajput for Congress | P.O. Box 980133, Ypsilanti, MI 48198 Unsubscribe [[EMAIL_REDACTED]] Update Profile | About Constant Contact Sent by [[URL REDACTED]] in collaboration with Trusted Email from Constant Contact - Try it FREE today. Try email marketing for free today!

Extracted Content:
- Nobody chooses to get sick.
- Men don't get to tell women what to do with their bodies.

### Email 72
Team, We could list all of the terrible things that President Trump has done during this pandemic that have put millions of us at risk. The way he's been handling the response to the coronavirus is an affront to us all. This election is a referendum on how the country thinks Trump is handling this pandemic -- and that's why we need to show the nation why we won't stand with his reckless and downright deadly agenda or any candidate who stands with him. We HAVE to make sure Christy Smith wins and Trump doesn't get another cheerleader in Congress. This special election in just 2 weeks will send a critical message about Trump's handling of this crisis. Our last fundraising deadline before our special election is at midnight on Thursday. Can you chip in right now to make sure we meet our goal? So much is at stake. If you've saved your payment information with ActBlue Express, your donation will go through immediately: Express Donate $5 Express Donate $25 Express Donate $50 Express Donate $100 Express Donate $250 Donate Other Amount We need real leaders right now -- people who will vote for policies to help small businesses and working families, demand accountability, and act with common sense. So not people like Mike Garcia, but proven leaders like Christy. That's why this special election is so important and why we have to elect Christy Smith to Congress on May 12th. Can you make a contribution right now to make sure we make it happen? Thanks so much. \-- Finance Team Christy for Congress DONATE The number one priority during this time is to make sure everyone helps mitigate the spread of COVID-19 in California and across the country. Our campaign is doing our part by canceling all in-person events, moving to a digital operation, and supporting local efforts to help those in need. Emails like this are a critical part of our ability to run a strong campaign that can win. Paid for by Christy Smith for Congress. This email was sent by Christy Smith 777 S. Figueroa Street, Suite 4050, Los Angeles, CA 90017-5864. If you no longer want to hear from Christy Smith, click here to get off all our lists instantly. Questions or concerns? Contact us here.

Extracted Content:
- The number one priority during this time is to make sure everyone helps mitigate the spread of COVID-19 in California and across the country.
- Our campaign is doing our part by canceling all in-person events, moving to a digital operation, and supporting local efforts to help those in need.

### Email 73
On Tuesday, the US Chamber of Commerce announced that I would be receiving the Abraham Lincoln Leaders for America Award -- and I feel so honored to be given this award. It shows that the work I've been doing to reach across the aisle and lead on commonsense, business-friendly policies is being noticed. I'll always be on the side of hard-working Americans, but I need your help to continue that fight in DC. Will you donate now to our re-election campaign? We're facing a myriad of challenges and decisions in our country. I want to be the one representing everyday Orange Countians and defending small businesses when facing those choices. Will you help me do that by donating to our campaign today? Thank you and stay safe, \-- Harley Harley Rouda serves California's 48th district in Congress. In 2018, Harley defeated the 15-term incumbent Dana Rohrabacher in the very first political campaign of Harley's life. During his time in Congress, he's embraced common sense and values to tackle climate change, address deteriorating infrastructure, confront homelessness, and protect Social Security and Medicare. In 2020, Harley will be facing one of the toughest re-election fights in the entire country, so he's depending on the support of grassroots individuals. If you want to support Harley's re-election, you can donate here. If you'd like to no longer receive emails from his campaign, you can unsubscribe. Paid for by Harley Rouda for Congress This email was sent by Congressman Harley Rouda. 120 Newport Center Drive Office 28, Newport Beach, CA 92660. Your grassroots support makes all the difference as we take on the powerful and fight for a clean energy economy, civil liberties for all, and work to make Southern California the economic hallmark of our country. Chip in now so Harley can keep fighting for meaningful change in Washington! Email is an important way for Harley Rouda to keep supporters like you informed about critical issues and to build a winning grassroots campaign. Too much email? Switch to our less email option here. If you no longer want to hear from Harley Rouda, click here to get off all our lists instantly.

Extracted Content:
- Hard-working Americans contribute to society.
- Small businesses face challenges and decisions.
- Climate change is a topic that requires attention.
- Infrastructure can deteriorate over time.
- Homelessness is an issue that needs to be confronted.
- Social Security and Medicare are programs intended to support individuals.

### Email 74
10 years ago, the Supreme Court dealt our democracy a major blow: it ruled that corporations can give as much money as they want to independent political organizations. Effectively, the Court dismissed the very point of a democracy: giving each person in our country an equal voice in deciding who represents them. That's why Harley believes so strongly that we need to overturn Citizens United. Will you join him by signing on to overturn Citizens United today? Thanks for joining us! \-- Team Harley Harley Rouda serves California's 48th district in Congress. In 2018, Harley defeated the 15-term incumbent Dana Rohrabacher in the very first political campaign of Harley's life. During his time in Congress, he's embraced common sense and values to tackle climate change, address deteriorating infrastructure, confront homelessness, and protect Social Security and Medicare. In 2020, Harley will be facing one of the toughest re-election fights in the entire country, so he's depending on the support of grassroots individuals. If you want to support Harley's re-election, you can donate here. If you'd like to no longer receive emails from his campaign, you can unsubscribe. Paid for by Harley Rouda for Congress This email was sent by Congressman Harley Rouda. 120 Newport Center Drive Office 28, Newport Beach, CA 92660. Your grassroots support makes all the difference as we take on the powerful and fight for a clean energy economy, civil liberties for all, and work to make Southern California the economic hallmark of our country. Chip in now so Harley can keep fighting for meaningful change in Washington! Email is an important way for Harley Rouda to keep supporters like you informed about critical issues and to build a winning grassroots campaign. Too much email? Switch to our less email option here. If you no longer want to hear from Harley Rouda, click here to get off all our lists instantly.

Extracted Content:
- Each person in a democracy should have an equal voice in deciding who represents them.
- Climate change is an issue that needs to be tackled.
- Infrastructure can deteriorate over time.
- Homelessness is a problem that societies confront.
- Social Security and Medicare are programs intended to protect individuals.

### Email 76
Hi there, as you know all too well, we lost a national hero just weeks ago when Ruth Bader Ginsburg died. Now, Mitch McConnell and Trump are teaming up to rush a conservative Justice with starkly different judicial views than her predecessor into the highest court of the land. And they're doing that while Americans are already voting for the next president. That's not only unfair to Ruth Bader Ginsburg, but also it undermines the power of our democracy. Will you join me in demanding the Senate let our next president decide upon Ruth Bader Ginsburg's replacement? Thanks for upholding our democracy! \-- Harley Harley Rouda serves California's 48th district in Congress. In 2018, Harley defeated the 15-term incumbent Dana Rohrabacher in the very first political campaign of Harley's life. During his time in Congress, he's embraced common sense and values to tackle climate change, address deteriorating infrastructure, confront homelessness, and protect Social Security and Medicare. In 2020, Harley will be facing one of the toughest re-election fights in the entire country, so he's depending on the support of grassroots individuals. If you want to support Harley's re-election, you can donate here. If you'd like to no longer receive emails from his campaign, you can unsubscribe. Paid for by Harley Rouda for Congress This email was sent by Congressman Harley Rouda. 120 Newport Center Drive Office 28, Newport Beach, CA 92660. Your grassroots support makes all the difference as we take on the powerful and fight for a clean energy economy, civil liberties for all, and work to make Southern California the economic hallmark of our country. Chip in now so Harley can keep fighting for meaningful change in Washington! Email is an important way for Harley Rouda to keep supporters like you informed about critical issues and to build a winning grassroots campaign. Too much email? Switch to our less email option here. If you no longer want to hear from Harley Rouda, click here to get off all our lists instantly.

Extracted Content:
- People generally consider it unfair to rush a decision that undermines established processes.
- Voting is a fundamental part of democracy.
- Climate change is a significant issue that many believe needs to be addressed.
- Infrastructure can deteriorate over time and may require attention.
- Homelessness is a social issue that communities face.
- Social Security and Medicare are programs intended to support individuals, typically in retirement or with specific needs.
- Email is a common method for communication and keeping people informed.
- Donations are a way to financially support political campaigns.
- Unsubscribing from an email list is a method to stop receiving emails from that sender.

### Email 79
Hi there, I'm just quickly reaching out to let you know that there are only ten days until this election is over, and we're going to have to keep fighting up until the moment polls close. I'll tell you why: Republicans still outnumber Democrats in the district, and now radical right special interest groups are throwing their weight behind my opponent because she'll rubber stamp their out of touch policies. I know it's not going to be easy to keep this seat. But, that's all the more reason to fight tooth-and-nail until we win this race. We simply can't afford to let up. I know we can do this. But, I will need your help. Can you donate a few dollars today to help us continue our fight until Election Day? You're truly making a difference here, \-- Harley Harley Rouda serves California's 48th district in Congress. In 2018, Harley defeated the 30-year incumbent Dana Rohrabacher in the very first political campaign of Harley's life. During his time in Congress, he's embraced common sense and values to tackle climate change, address deteriorating infrastructure, confront homelessness, and protect Social Security and Medicare. In 2020, Harley will be facing one of the toughest re-election fights in the entire country, so he's depending on the support of grassroots individuals. If you want to support Harley's re-election, you can donate here. If you'd like to no longer receive emails from his campaign, you can unsubscribe. Paid for by Harley Rouda for Congress This email was sent by Congressman Harley Rouda. 120 Newport Center Drive Office 28, Newport Beach, CA 92660. Your grassroots support makes all the difference as we take on the powerful and fight for a clean energy economy, civil liberties for all, and work to make Southern California the economic hallmark of our country. Chip in now so Harley can keep fighting for meaningful change in Washington! Email is an important way for Harley Rouda to keep supporters like you informed about critical issues and to build a winning grassroots campaign. Too much email? Switch to our less email option here. If you no longer want to hear from Harley Rouda, click here to get off all our lists instantly.

Extracted Content:
- People generally vote in elections.
- Political campaigns often request donations.
- Special interest groups may support political candidates.
- Elections have a specific end date when polls close.
- Politicians may represent specific geographic districts.
- Climate change, infrastructure, homelessness, Social Security, and Medicare are common political issues.
- Emails can be used for political communication and fundraising.

### Email 81
There's a lot that happens every single day, so it can be easy to forget that the election is in one month. But, let's be clear: that's reallllly soon. And we're going to need to use every single one of these next 31 days to show Orange Countians that they need to vote for Harley Rouda. Can you help us do that by donating right now? With coronavirus continuing to spread and affecting even our highest officeholders, two things are more clear than ever: we have to follow science, and we've got to protect folks' healthcare. Those are two things Harley champions and his opponent seems to dismiss. Can you donate now to help us re-elect Harley? I truly am so grateful, \-- Harley Harley Rouda serves California's 48th district in Congress. In 2018, Harley defeated the 15-term incumbent Dana Rohrabacher in the very first political campaign of Harley's life. During his time in Congress, he's embraced common sense and values to tackle climate change, address deteriorating infrastructure, confront homelessness, and protect Social Security and Medicare. In 2020, Harley will be facing one of the toughest re-election fights in the entire country, so he's depending on the support of grassroots individuals. If you want to support Harley's re-election, you can donate here. If you'd like to no longer receive emails from his campaign, you can unsubscribe. Paid for by Harley Rouda for Congress This email was sent by Congressman Harley Rouda. 120 Newport Center Drive Office 28, Newport Beach, CA 92660. Your grassroots support makes all the difference as we take on the powerful and fight for a clean energy economy, civil liberties for all, and work to make Southern California the economic hallmark of our country. Chip in now so Harley can keep fighting for meaningful change in Washington! Email is an important way for Harley Rouda to keep supporters like you informed about critical issues and to build a winning grassroots campaign. Too much email? Switch to our less email option here. If you no longer want to hear from Harley Rouda, click here to get off all our lists instantly.

Extracted Content:
- Elections have a specific date.
- Donations can be solicited via email.
- Following science is important during a health crisis.
- Healthcare is a concern for many people.
- Politicians can have different stances on issues.
- Climate change is a topic of concern.
- Infrastructure can deteriorate over time.
- Homelessness is an issue that can be confronted.
- Social Security and Medicare are programs intended to protect individuals.
- Email is a communication tool.
- Grassroots support can influence political campaigns.

### Email 82
Our end-of-month fundraising deadline is in just hours. With mail-in ballots being delivered in just over a month, hitting our goal this month will be a huge part of determining how many people we can reach with Harley's message before they return their ballots. Hitting our August fundraising goal is critical since all of Orange County will be able to vote by mail this year instead of going to packed polling places on Election Day. So, can you donate right now to our campaign? This election is one of the most competitive races in the entire country. Period. POLITICO has called our race a "toss-up" and Inside Elections thinks it's the most competitive race in Orange County. That means we have just over a month to convince enough Orange County voters to mail in their ballots for Harley -- and it won't necessarily be easy. That's why we really need you to donate to our campaign before midnight. Can you do that? Let's do this! \-- Nicole LeClerc, Finance Director Harley Rouda serves California's 48th district in Congress. In 2018, Harley defeated the 15-term incumbent Dana Rohrabacher in the very first political campaign of Harley's life. During his time in Congress, he's embraced common sense and values to tackle climate change, address deteriorating infrastructure, confront homelessness, and protect Social Security and Medicare. In 2020, Harley will be facing one of the toughest re-election fights in the entire country, so he's depending on the support of grassroots individuals. If you want to support Harley's re-election, you can donate here. If you'd like to no longer receive emails from his campaign, you can unsubscribe. Paid for by Harley Rouda for Congress This email was sent by Congressman Harley Rouda. 120 Newport Center Drive Office 28, Newport Beach, CA 92660. Your grassroots support makes all the difference as we take on the powerful and fight for a clean energy economy, civil liberties for all, and work to make Southern California the economic hallmark of our country. Chip in now so Harley can keep fighting for meaningful change in Washington! Email is an important way for Harley Rouda to keep supporters like you informed about critical issues and to build a winning grassroots campaign. Too much email? Switch to our less email option here. If you no longer want to hear from Harley Rouda, click here to get off all our lists instantly.

Extracted Content:
- Mail-in ballots allow people to vote without going to polling places.
- Elections can be competitive.
- Campaigns often request donations to support their activities.
- Voting is a method for citizens to choose their political representatives.
- Email is a communication tool used to inform and engage supporters.

### Email 84
Happy Halloween! Today's supposed to be the spookiest day of the year, but you know as well as I do that this year has been full of spookiness. There may be fewer haunted houses and scary Halloween gatherings, but I think this year takes the cake (or the trick-or-treat loot!) for scariest one on record. That's, in large part, because the election is in just three days, and up and down the ballot there are races that could define the trajectory of our country for generations \-- including mine. Can you help me end some spookiness on November 3rd by donating today? Happy Halloween! \-- Harley Harley Rouda serves California's 48th district in Congress. In 2018, Harley defeated the 30-year incumbent Dana Rohrabacher in the very first political campaign of Harley's life. During his time in Congress, he's embraced common sense and values to tackle climate change, address deteriorating infrastructure, confront homelessness, and protect Social Security and Medicare. In 2020, Harley will be facing one of the toughest re-election fights in the entire country, so he's depending on the support of grassroots individuals. If you want to support Harley's re-election, you can donate here. If you'd like to no longer receive emails from his campaign, you can unsubscribe. Paid for by Harley Rouda for Congress This email was sent by Congressman Harley Rouda. 120 Newport Center Drive Office 28, Newport Beach, CA 92660. Your grassroots support makes all the difference as we take on the powerful and fight for a clean energy economy, civil liberties for all, and work to make Southern California the economic hallmark of our country. Chip in now so Harley can keep fighting for meaningful change in Washington! Email is an important way for Harley Rouda to keep supporters like you informed about critical issues and to build a winning grassroots campaign. Too much email? Switch to our less email option here. If you no longer want to hear from Harley Rouda, click here to get off all our lists instantly.

Extracted Content:
- Halloween is considered the spookiest day of the year
- Haunted houses and scary gatherings are common on Halloween
- Elections can define the trajectory of a country
- Climate change is a significant issue that needs to be tackled
- Infrastructure can deteriorate over time
- Homelessness is a problem that societies confront
- Social Security and Medicare are programs intended to protect individuals

### Email 85
Harley was just awarded the Abraham Lincoln Leaders for America Award from the US Chamber of Commerce! Since the start of his campaign, Harley's fought for business-savvy solutions that just make sense for everyday Americans -- and we're so excited to see the US Chamber of Commerce recognize that drive. With an election just around the corner, we need to make sure that Harley's re-elected come November. Will you donate today to help us send Harley back to Congress? Harley's election is one of the most important ones across the country. We can't let him lose. That's why we need you to donate right now to his campaign. Can you do that? Thank you! \-- Team Rouda Harley Rouda serves California's 48th district in Congress. In 2018, Harley defeated the 15-term incumbent Dana Rohrabacher in the very first political campaign of Harley's life. During his time in Congress, he's embraced common sense and values to tackle climate change, address deteriorating infrastructure, confront homelessness, and protect Social Security and Medicare. In 2020, Harley will be facing one of the toughest re-election fights in the entire country, so he's depending on the support of grassroots individuals. If you want to support Harley's re-election, you can donate here. If you'd like to no longer receive emails from his campaign, you can unsubscribe. Paid for by Harley Rouda for Congress This email was sent by Congressman Harley Rouda. 120 Newport Center Drive Office 28, Newport Beach, CA 92660. Your grassroots support makes all the difference as we take on the powerful and fight for a clean energy economy, civil liberties for all, and work to make Southern California the economic hallmark of our country. Chip in now so Harley can keep fighting for meaningful change in Washington! Email is an important way for Harley Rouda to keep supporters like you informed about critical issues and to build a winning grassroots campaign. Too much email? Switch to our less email option here. If you no longer want to hear from Harley Rouda, click here to get off all our lists instantly.

Extracted Content:
- People generally consider it common sense to support political candidates who align with their values.
- It is common sense that elections are important for determining political leadership.
- It is common sense that grassroots support can be crucial for a political campaign.
- It is common sense that tackling climate change, addressing infrastructure, confronting homelessness, and protecting Social Security and Medicare are significant issues for many Americans.
- It is common sense that re-election campaigns often require financial support from donors.
- It is common sense that people can unsubscribe from email lists if they no longer wish to receive communications.

### Email 87
You know the type. You answer the phone, you say hello, you're waiting on the line, and then finally a monotone voice announces that the IRS is after you. It's extremely frustrating. And it's also dangerous. People, especially older folks, across the US are being targeted and scammed by illegal robocalls. That's why Harley's taking concrete steps to eliminate these robocalls by passing commonsense legislation. But, he needs the Senate to act to make any lasting impact. Will you join us in calling on the Senate to stop illegal robocalls now? Thank you! \-- Team Harley Harley Rouda serves California's 48th district in Congress. In 2018, Harley defeated the 15-term incumbent Dana Rohrabacher in the very first political campaign of Harley's life. During his time in Congress, he's embraced common sense and values to tackle climate change, address deteriorating infrastructure, confront homelessness, and protect Social Security and Medicare. In 2020, Harley will be facing one of the toughest re-election fights in the entire country, so he's depending on the support of grassroots individuals. If you want to support Harley's re-election, you can donate here. If you'd like to no longer receive emails from his campaign, you can unsubscribe. Paid for by Harley Rouda for Congress This email was sent by Congressman Harley Rouda. 120 Newport Center Drive Office 28, Newport Beach, CA 92660. Your grassroots support makes all the difference as we take on the powerful and fight for a clean energy economy, civil liberties for all, and work to make Southern California the economic hallmark of our country. Chip in now so Harley can keep fighting for meaningful change in Washington! Email is an important way for Harley Rouda to keep supporters like you informed about critical issues and to build a winning grassroots campaign. Too much email? Switch to our less email option here. If you no longer want to hear from Harley Rouda, click here to get off all our lists instantly.

Extracted Content:
- Answering the phone and saying hello is a common way to start a phone conversation.
- Robocalls can be frustrating and are often considered dangerous.
- Older people can be more vulnerable to scams.
- Legislation is a way to address societal issues such as illegal robocalls.
- Members of Congress serve specific districts and can be involved in passing legislation.
- Elections determine who holds political office.
- Campaigns often ask for donations to support their efforts.
- Unsubscribing is a way to stop receiving emails from a mailing list.

### Email 88
Hi there -- our end-of-quarter deadline is tonight at midnight -- and, in all honesty, hitting our goal is an essential step towards giving our grassroots campaign the momentum we need to keep this seat blue on Election Day. That's why I have to ask: can you donate to our campaign today? We know this race isn't going to be easy. It wasn't easy in 2018 when Harley became the first Democrat to win this seat ever. And it won't be easy today. Corporate special interest groups are flooding our race with Big Money, POLITICO has rated our race a toss-up, and Republicans make up the majority of our district. That's why donations from folks like you are so important. They help us reach the undecided voters in Orange County who could ultimately help determine who wins this race. Can you donate to our campaign by midnight? Let's hit this goal! \-- Alyssa Napuri, Campaign Manager Harley Rouda serves California's 48th district in Congress. In 2018, Harley defeated the 15-term incumbent Dana Rohrabacher in the very first political campaign of Harley's life. During his time in Congress, he's embraced common sense and values to tackle climate change, address deteriorating infrastructure, confront homelessness, and protect Social Security and Medicare. In 2020, Harley will be facing one of the toughest re-election fights in the entire country, so he's depending on the support of grassroots individuals. If you want to support Harley's re-election, you can donate here. If you'd like to no longer receive emails from his campaign, you can unsubscribe. Paid for by Harley Rouda for Congress This email was sent by Congressman Harley Rouda. 120 Newport Center Drive Office 28, Newport Beach, CA 92660. Your grassroots support makes all the difference as we take on the powerful and fight for a clean energy economy, civil liberties for all, and work to make Southern California the economic hallmark of our country. Chip in now so Harley can keep fighting for meaningful change in Washington! Email is an important way for Harley Rouda to keep supporters like you informed about critical issues and to build a winning grassroots campaign. Too much email? Switch to our less email option here. If you no longer want to hear from Harley Rouda, click here to get off all our lists instantly.

Extracted Content:
- Election campaigns often require donations to gain momentum.
- Political races can be influenced by corporate special interest groups.
- Donations can help political campaigns reach undecided voters.
- Incumbents can be defeated by newcomers in political races.
- Politicians work on issues such as climate change, infrastructure, homelessness, and protecting social security and Medicare.
- Email is a common way for political campaigns to communicate with supporters.

### Email 89
Hi there, It's hard to overstate just how important it was to hit our fundraising goal this quarter. With my opponent and me locked in a dead heat this close to Election Day, deadlines like this one really can sway the momentum of this race. And, because of you, we hit our goal and are in a good place to reach the undecided voters we need before Election Day. I'm reaching out to personally thank you. When I made the decision to run for Congress, I decided that I was going to rely on grassroots donors -- not corporate special interests. So, when I say that this is all because of you, I truly do mean it. Now we've got 33 days to secure this election. And, it's not going to be easy. But, that's why I'm just so happy you're on our team. Together, I know that we can keep this seat blue and continue to make progress in Orange County and throughout the country. I truly am so grateful, \-- Harley Harley Rouda serves California's 48th district in Congress. In 2018, Harley defeated the 15-term incumbent Dana Rohrabacher in the very first political campaign of Harley's life. During his time in Congress, he's embraced common sense and values to tackle climate change, address deteriorating infrastructure, confront homelessness, and protect Social Security and Medicare. In 2020, Harley will be facing one of the toughest re-election fights in the entire country, so he's depending on the support of grassroots individuals. If you want to support Harley's re-election, you can donate here. If you'd like to no longer receive emails from his campaign, you can unsubscribe. Paid for by Harley Rouda for Congress This email was sent by Congressman Harley Rouda. 120 Newport Center Drive Office 28, Newport Beach, CA 92660. Your grassroots support makes all the difference as we take on the powerful and fight for a clean energy economy, civil liberties for all, and work to make Southern California the economic hallmark of our country. Chip in now so Harley can keep fighting for meaningful change in Washington! Email is an important way for Harley Rouda to keep supporters like you informed about critical issues and to build a winning grassroots campaign. Too much email? Switch to our less email option here. If you no longer want to hear from Harley Rouda, click here to get off all our lists instantly.

Extracted Content:
- Election deadlines can influence the momentum of a political race.
- Grassroots donors are individuals who support a campaign, not corporate special interests.
- Reaching undecided voters is important in an election.
- Political campaigns often rely on donations to fund their activities.
- Incumbents can be defeated by newcomers in political races.
- Email is a tool used by political campaigns to communicate with supporters.

### Email 90
Hi there. June is our second to last chance to post the kind of end of quarter numbers that will silence the NRCC once and for all. A new rating just showed that our race is the most competitive in all of Orange County. That's a sign to the NRCC that they should jump straight into our race and try everything they can to flip it red. Our best bet to fend off these attacks is to post record high end of quarter fundraising numbers. Will you help us do that by donating to our campaign today? I'm just going to say it bluntly: we need a huge fundraising showing this June. With the election just months away, hitting our target this end of quarter is non-negotiable. That's what will show the NRCC and the massive special interests that we're not going anywhere. Can you donate now to help us reach our ambitious June fundraising goal? Thank you! \-- Nicole LeClerc, Finance Director Harley Rouda serves California's 48th district in Congress. In 2018, Harley defeated the 15-term incumbent Dana Rohrabacher in the very first political campaign of Harley's life. During his time in Congress, he's embraced common sense and values to tackle climate change, address deteriorating infrastructure, confront homelessness, and protect Social Security and Medicare. In 2020, Harley will be facing one of the toughest re-election fights in the entire country, so he's depending on the support of grassroots individuals. If you want to support Harley's re-election, you can donate here. If you'd like to no longer receive emails from his campaign, you can unsubscribe. Paid for by Harley Rouda for Congress This email was sent by Congressman Harley Rouda. 120 Newport Center Drive Office 28, Newport Beach, CA 92660. Your grassroots support makes all the difference as we take on the powerful and fight for a clean energy economy, civil liberties for all, and work to make Southern California the economic hallmark of our country. Chip in now so Harley can keep fighting for meaningful change in Washington! Email is an important way for Harley Rouda to keep supporters like you informed about critical issues and to build a winning grassroots campaign. Too much email? Switch to our less email option here. If you no longer want to hear from Harley Rouda, click here to get off all our lists instantly.

Extracted Content:
- June is the second to last month in the second quarter of the year.
- Elections are competitive.
- Fundraising is important for political campaigns.
- Climate change is a topic of concern.
- Infrastructure can deteriorate over time.
- Homelessness is an issue that needs to be confronted.
- Social Security and Medicare are programs that provide support to individuals.
- Email is a method of communication.
- Civil liberties are rights that need to be protected.

### Email 93
Hey -- it's Alyssa, Harley's campaign manager. I'm reaching out because Harley's on his way to meet Michelle for their debate. However, it's unlikely she'll even turn up. We want to show Harley that, even though his opponent is refusing to engage, we still think he's doing the right thing by trying to facilitate a debate. That's why we're going to try to flood him with donations for the rest of the night -- it'll be the perfect way to show him that we support his effort and to help us reach our end-of-month fundraising goal. Will you donate right now to our campaign? Harley's opponent is doing everything she can to get out of debating Harley. She even just tried to blame her absence on the fact that a local Democratic group is going to be watching the debate. We've already told her that we're trying to make this as fair as possible, but she won't even engage the possibility of a debate. Will you show Harley you support his call for a fair debate by donating today? Thanks for being with us! \-- Alyssa, Campaign Manager Harley Rouda serves California's 48th district in Congress. In 2018, Harley defeated the 15-term incumbent Dana Rohrabacher in the very first political campaign of Harley's life. During his time in Congress, he's embraced common sense and values to tackle climate change, address deteriorating infrastructure, confront homelessness, and protect Social Security and Medicare. In 2020, Harley will be facing one of the toughest re-election fights in the entire country, so he's depending on the support of grassroots individuals. If you want to support Harley's re-election, you can donate here. If you'd like to no longer receive emails from his campaign, you can unsubscribe. Paid for by Harley Rouda for Congress This email was sent by Congressman Harley Rouda. 120 Newport Center Drive Office 28, Newport Beach, CA 92660. Your grassroots support makes all the difference as we take on the powerful and fight for a clean energy economy, civil liberties for all, and work to make Southern California the economic hallmark of our country. Chip in now so Harley can keep fighting for meaningful change in Washington! Email is an important way for Harley Rouda to keep supporters like you informed about critical issues and to build a winning grassroots campaign. Too much email? Switch to our less email option here. If you no longer want to hear from Harley Rouda, click here to get off all our lists instantly.

Extracted Content:
- People generally expect political debates to occur between opponents.
- Politicians often have campaign managers.
- Campaigns frequently request donations from supporters.
- Debates are considered a fair way to engage with political issues.
- Political campaigns often have fundraising goals.
- Members of Congress serve specific districts.
- Climate change, infrastructure, homelessness, Social Security, and Medicare are common political issues.
- Re-election campaigns can be challenging for politicians.
- Emails are a common method for politicians to communicate with supporters.
- Unsubscribing from email lists is an option for recipients who no longer wish to receive communications.

### Email 94
Yesterday, I sent a letter to Michelle Steel's campaign team. It was a follow up to another letter we sent weeks ago asking Michelle Steel if she wanted to join Harley in a debate. Check it out >> We all know that debates are essential. They're one of the only ways that folks can get a sense of the candidate they're voting for. Yet, Michelle Steel has left our calls for a fair debate unanswered. That's not fair to Orange Countians. Will you sign our petition if you agree that the people of CA-48 have a right to watch Harley and Michelle debate? Michelle Steel has no problem attacking our campaign on social media -- but she still won't agree to a fair debate. It's time to show the people of Orange County just what Harley and Michelle stand for. Are you with me? Thank you! \-- Alyssa Napuri, Campaign Manager Harley Rouda serves California's 48th district in Congress. In 2018, Harley defeated the 15-term incumbent Dana Rohrabacher in the very first political campaign of Harley's life. During his time in Congress, he's embraced common sense and values to tackle climate change, address deteriorating infrastructure, confront homelessness, and protect Social Security and Medicare. In 2020, Harley will be facing one of the toughest re-election fights in the entire country, so he's depending on the support of grassroots individuals. If you want to support Harley's re-election, you can donate here. If you'd like to no longer receive emails from his campaign, you can unsubscribe. Paid for by Harley Rouda for Congress This email was sent by Congressman Harley Rouda. 120 Newport Center Drive Office 28, Newport Beach, CA 92660. Your grassroots support makes all the difference as we take on the powerful and fight for a clean energy economy, civil liberties for all, and work to make Southern California the economic hallmark of our country. Chip in now so Harley can keep fighting for meaningful change in Washington! Email is an important way for Harley Rouda to keep supporters like you informed about critical issues and to build a winning grassroots campaign. Too much email? Switch to our less email option here. If you no longer want to hear from Harley Rouda, click here to get off all our lists instantly.

Extracted Content:
- Debates are a way for voters to get a sense of the candidate they're voting for.
- Social media is a platform where people can attack or support political campaigns.
- Congress members are elected to address issues such as climate change, infrastructure, homelessness, and the protection of Social Security and Medicare.
- Elections can be tough re-election fights for incumbents.
- Email is a communication tool used to keep supporters informed and engaged in political campaigns.

### Email 95
Some of you probably saw Harley and me questioning Postmaster General Louis DeJoy about the USPS on Monday -- and you probably also saw how flummoxed he was by some of our most basic questions. Our elected and appointed officials should know their jobs inside and out -- that's what taxpayers pay us for. As one of my neighboring members, I know Harley well. And, I know that when I question him about what's happening to small business owners in Costa Mesa or how climate change is affecting our Orange County beaches or how the district is handling the coronavirus response, he knows exactly what's going on. We need to keep leaders like that in the House. That's why I'm asking if you can donate to Harley's campaign today? We're less than 70 days from Election Day, and Harley is in one of the most competitive races in the entire country. That's why I have to ask if you'll help Harley hit his end-of-month fundraising goal before Monday. Can you donate today? Let's keep CA-48 blue, \-- Katie Porter Harley Rouda serves California's 48th district in Congress. In 2018, Harley defeated the 15-term incumbent Dana Rohrabacher in the very first political campaign of Harley's life. During his time in Congress, he's embraced common sense and values to tackle climate change, address deteriorating infrastructure, confront homelessness, and protect Social Security and Medicare. In 2020, Harley will be facing one of the toughest re-election fights in the entire country, so he's depending on the support of grassroots individuals. If you want to support Harley's re-election, you can donate here. If you'd like to no longer receive emails from his campaign, you can unsubscribe. Paid for by Harley Rouda for Congress This email was sent by Congressman Harley Rouda. 120 Newport Center Drive Office 28, Newport Beach, CA 92660. Your grassroots support makes all the difference as we take on the powerful and fight for a clean energy economy, civil liberties for all, and work to make Southern California the economic hallmark of our country. Chip in now so Harley can keep fighting for meaningful change in Washington! Email is an important way for Harley Rouda to keep supporters like you informed about critical issues and to build a winning grassroots campaign. Too much email? Switch to our less email option here. If you no longer want to hear from Harley Rouda, click here to get off all our lists instantly.

Extracted Content:
- Elected and appointed officials should know their jobs well.
- Taxpayers pay for the services of elected and appointed officials.
- Climate change can affect beaches.
- Leaders should be knowledgeable about the issues affecting their districts.
- Social Security and Medicare are programs intended to protect individuals.

### Email 98
Hi there -- I just wanted to make sure you saw this note from our finance director, Nicole? Our opponent's campaign is driven by massive donations from Big Money. In fact, her average donation is more than 10 times what ours is. But, we're so proud that our campaign is funded by grassroots donors because that's an indication that Harley's only accountable to everyday folks like you. With our end of the month deadline in a couple of days, will you help us show our opponent that we have the support of everyday Orange Countians by donating to our campaign today? \---------- Forwarded message --------- We emailed you yesterday about how Harley's opponent is stockpiling her war chest. Well, we crunched the numbers and found that the average donation amount to her campaign is over 10 times what ours is. We're proud of that because it means that our campaign is fueled by everyday folks like you. Because our campaign is truly grassroots, we depend on small donations. Can you donate $10 to our campaign today? Our campaign is about serving everyday Orange Countians -- not deep-pocketed special interests. Will you help us send a message to Harley's opponent that our grassroots strength is strong enough to match their war chest by donating today? Thank you! \-- Nicole LeClerc, Finance Director Harley Rouda serves California's 48th district in Congress. In 2018, Harley defeated the 15-term incumbent Dana Rohrabacher in the very first political campaign of Harley's life. During his time in Congress, he's embraced common sense and values to tackle climate change, address deteriorating infrastructure, confront homelessness, and protect Social Security and Medicare. In 2020, Harley will be facing one of the toughest re-election fights in the entire country, so he's depending on the support of grassroots individuals. If you want to support Harley's re-election, you can donate here. If you'd like to no longer receive emails from his campaign, you can unsubscribe. Paid for by Harley Rouda for Congress This email was sent by Congressman Harley Rouda. 120 Newport Center Drive Office 28, Newport Beach, CA 92660. Your grassroots support makes all the difference as we take on the powerful and fight for a clean energy economy, civil liberties for all, and work to make Southern California the economic hallmark of our country. Chip in now so Harley can keep fighting for meaningful change in Washington! Email is an important way for Harley Rouda to keep supporters like you informed about critical issues and to build a winning grassroots campaign. Too much email? Switch to our less email option here. If you no longer want to hear from Harley Rouda, click here to get off all our lists instantly.

Extracted Content:
- People often donate money to political campaigns.
- Campaigns can be funded by both small grassroots donations and large donations from wealthy donors.
- Politicians are accountable to their donors.
- Political campaigns use email to communicate with and solicit support from potential donors.
- Elections can be competitive and require financial support for a candidate to be successful.
- Campaigns may offer the option to unsubscribe from email communications.

